I hate how you cant even say black paint anymore Now I have to say "Leroy can you please paint the fence?"
What's the difference between a Jew in Nazi Germany and pizza ? Pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven .I'm so sorry.
I recently went to America.... ...and being there really helped me learn about American culture. So I visited a shop and as I was leaving, the Shopkeeper said "Have a nice day!" But I didn't so I sued him.
Brian raises his hand and says, "He's in Heaven." A Sunday school teacher is concerned that his students might be a little confused about Jesus, so he asks his class, "Where is Jesus today?"Brian raises his hand and says, "He's in Heaven."Susan answers, "He's in my heart."Little Johnny waves his hand furiously and blurts out, "He's in our bathroom!"The teacher is surprised by this answer and asks Little Johnny how he knows this."Well," Little Johnny says, "every morning, my Dad gets up, bangs on the bathroom door and yells 'Jesus Christ, are you still in there?'"
You hear about the University book store worker who was charged for stealing $20,000 worth of books? He got caught trying to sell the two books to a freshman.
Why is it unknown on how pterodactyls urinate especially during flight? Because the p is silent.
Why women need legs? To avoid leaving tracks like a snail while walking.
I walked into a PETA adoption center and the receptionist asked me what kind of dog I wanted Apparently "Whatever's low in cholesterol" was not the right answer.
How did TV studios make words appear on screen before computers? Character actors!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You follow his fresh prints. 
Remember when you were a kid and when you cried your parents said, "I'll give you a reason to cry"? I always thought they were gunna hit me, not that they were going to destroy the housing market 20 years later.
Remember, you can't spell Valentine's Day without... ... Anal Destiny.
Happy try not to jump off a bridge day! Oh and it's also Valentines day
My boss said to me, "you're the worst train driver ever. How many have you derailed this year?" I said, "I'm not sure; it's hard to keep track."
If I get a bird I'm naming it Trump cuz all they do is Tweet
I was going to get a headjob for Valentines Day But my back was sore and I couldn't reach.
A mother went into a coma after giving birth to twins When she woke up after 6 months and 3 days, the doctor told the mother: "While you were in a coma, we had your brother name your children. One is a boy, one is a girl."The mother, with a disappointed and angry look on her face told the doctor: "Why my brother? That guy is an idiot. So what did he name them?"The mother, expecting hideous names, prepared herself."The girl, was named Denise." The mother thought, "Hey that wasn't so bad. What about my boy?"The doctor said, "Denephew".
What do you call an exercise machine with a strobe light? An epileptical. 
My dad has a heart of a lion ...and a lifetime ban from the local zoo. 
Smaller babies may be delivered by a stork. But the bigger, heavier ones are delivered by a crane. 
A monkey is getting stoned in a zoo... Welcome to India
I've translated a popular Russian joke to English , wanna hear you reaction )) A young boy says to his father "Dad, our math teacher is asking to see you.""What happened?" The father asks."Well, she asks me, 'how much is 7 * 9?' I answer '63' , then she asks, 'and 9 * 7?' so I asked 'what's the fucking difference?' ""Indeed, what is the difference?" asks the father. ''Sure, I'll go.''The next day, the boy comes home from school "Dad, have you gone by the school?" He asks."Not yet.""Well when you do, come and see the gym teacher also.""Why?" asks the father.The boy explains, "Well we had a gym class today, and he asked me to raise my left arm, I did. Then my right arm, I also raised it. Then he asked me to lift my right leg, so I did. 'Now,' he says, 'lift your left leg,' so I asked 'What, am I suppose to stand on my cock!?'""Exactly," says the father. "Alright, I'll come."The next day, the boy asks his father "Did you go to the school?""No, not yet.""Don't bother, I got expelled."Surprised, the father asks "Why did you get expelled?""Well, they summoned me to the principal's office, and sitting there were the math teacher, the gym teacher, and the art teacher.""The fuck was the art teacher doing there!?" asks the father."That's what I said" replied the boy.
What did the mommy bean say to her son when he asked for money? I dont have any, go ask your fava
When You Break Up At 11:59 Tonight And save $300 instantly.
I wanted to buy an Audi. But I can't A4'd it.
I'm Trying to Remember The Name of A Song It's about a girl with amnesia talking to her Grandmother.The lyrics are "Oh, Nana, What's My Name?"
What are minorities? Lesser people. 
Did you hear that Donald Trump is technically a plant? Because all of his cells have built a wall.
i had trouble swallowing a viagra last night my neck was stiff for 4 hours
What is the king of all school supplies? The Ruler
A rugby player was hurt very badly during a scrum and he had both of his ears ripped off... Since he was permanently disfigured, he decided to give up playing rugby for good. His club and insurance company ensured that a large sum of money went his way.One day, he decided to invest his money in a small but growing sportswear business. He bought the company outright but after signing on the dotted line, realized that he knew nothing about business. He decided to employ someone to run the shop.The next day he set up three interviews. The first guy was great. He knew everything he needed to and was very enthusiastic. At the end of the interview, the former rugby player asked him, "Do you notice anything different about me?"And the man replied, "Why, yes, I couldn't help noticing you have no ears." The rugby player got angry and threw him out.The second interview was with a woman, and she was even better than the first guy. He asked her the same question, "Do you notice anything different about me?"She replied: "Well, you have no ears." He got upset again and showed her the door.The third and last interview was with the best of the three. He was a very young man fresh out of college. He was smart and handsome and seemed to know all about the sportswear business.The rugby player was anxious, but went ahead and asked him the same question: "Do you notice anything different about me?"To his surprise the young man answered: "Yes, you wear contact lenses."The former rugby player was shocked, and said, "What an incredibly observant young man you are. How in the world did you know that?"The young man fell off his chair laughing hysterically and replied, "Well, it's pretty hard to wear glasses with no flipping ears!"
A man was in his front yard mowing grass when his attractive blonde female !! A man was in his front yard mowing grass when his attractive blonde female neighbor came out of the house and went straight to the mail box.She opened it, slammed it shut, and stormed back in the house.A little later she came out of her house and again went to the mail box and again opened it, then slammed it shut again. Angrily, back into the house she went.As the man was getting ready to edge the lawn, here she came out again, marched to the mail box, opened it and then slammed it closed harder than ever.Puzzled by her actions the man asked her, "Is something wrong?"To which she replied, "There certainly is! My stupid computer keeps giving me a message saying, "YOU'VE GOT MAIL!"
A woman runs into a doctor's office and says "DOCTOR! DOCTOR! You have to help me! Everywhere I touch on my body it hurts!" A woman runs into a doctor's office and says "DOCTOR! DOCTOR! You have to help me! Everywhere I touch on my body it hurts!"The doctor replied, "Show me."So the woman poked her ankle and screamed of pain. Then she poked her knee and yelled OW. She poked her forehead and screamed again.She was about to continue when the doctor said, "That's enough, let me think this over." He thought for about a minute and said "I think I know what your problem is. You broke your finger."
Why did the producers of 007 films use government debt to fund their newest film? Because interest in the Bond is so low.
Pocket empty day ! Happy pocket empty day.
I want to see that new movie coming out with Scarlett Johannson... ...but she probably isn't available.
Man gets lost in the desert. He has no compass and he has lost his sense of direction. Suddenly he sees a caravan on the horizon. He jumps, shouts and waves his arms to get their attention, and, oh joy, they notice him and move in his direction. But his happiness is short lived, as the travelers turn out to be mean and sadistic. They rough him up, and then bury him in the sand with only his head above the surface.He grimly contemplates whether he'll die of sun stroke, dehydration or from attack of some savage beast. Suddenly, a lone traveler appears in front of him and inquires about his predicament. **You see, first I got lost, without a compass and provisions. Then I encountered these sadists, who beaten me up, bury me this way and left... Can you believe such behavior?****Tsk, tsk...** says the traveler, as he puts his foot on top of the man's head and pushes it under the surface **Amateurs, such amateurs...**
Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese Girl? You have to drop the Bomb twice before she gets the Message. 
Site of the 2017 Dane county massacre. All that is left after tens of snowmen were brutally melted on this spot by a massive indifferent ball of fire.
He fucked what? A small child asks his father:Boy: Dad, where did I come from?Dad: The Stork, son.Boy: what's wrong with you dad? Your wife is so gorgeous yet you're out fucking The Stork?
My wife wants to eat somewhere shes never eaten before for V-Day I told her she should try the kitchen
I was offered sex with a 21 yr old today In exchange, I was supposed to advertise some kind of bathroom cleaner. Of course I declined, because I am a person with high moral standards and strong willpower. Just as strong as Ajax, the super strong bathroom cleaner. Now available with scented lemon or vanilla.
3 women talk "The other day I touched my husband's balls and realized that they are cold. Never noticed before!" - says the first. Next day the second woman tells to the others:"That's true! I touched my husband's balls and they are also cold. It's curious." Next day the third woman appears with her eye blacked. "What happened?" - her friends wonder."Well, I touched my husband's balls and then asked him why his balls are warm but all other men have them cold."
There are two types of people The ones who bang on the wall, And the ones who bang on the wall because I'm banging my girlfriend on the wall
Why did the computer squeak? Someone stepped on its mouse.
i found a place where the recycling rate is 98%. Your moms bed.
Valentine's day fights My wife sat down on the couch  next to me as I was flipping channels.She asked, 'What's on TV?'  I said, 'Dust.' And then the fight started....My wife was hinting about what she wanted for our upcoming anniversary. She said, 'I want something shiny that goes from 0 to 100 in about 3 seconds.'I bought her a weighing scale. And then the fight started.... When I got home last night, my wife demanded that I take her someplace expensive.So I took her to a petrol pump. And then the fight started....  My wife was standing & looking in the bedroom mirror. She was not happy with what she saw and said to me, 'I feel horrible. I look old, fat and ugly. I really need you to give me a compliment."I replied, "Your eyesight is perfect." And then the fight started....  I asked my wife, "Where do you want to go for our anniversary?"It warmed my heart to see her face melt in sweet appreciation."Somewhere I've not been in a long time."So I took her to my parents' house. And then the fight started....
I feel so bad for the necrophiliac's sister She died a virgin but she sure wasn't buried one
What's the difference between you and a Calendar? A Calendar has a date on Valentine's day.
Julian Lennon messed up breakfast He tried to make eggs.   He broke the yoke.Yoke! Oh! Oh no!
A guy calls home 'Hello!?''Hey! Honey, you wouldn't believe the day I'm having right now, I lost my phone!''Hello, I'm not your wife, I'm Cecelia, your new maid!''Oh! That's great! Welcome! I'm having a crazy day right now, can you please hand the phone to my wife?''I would but she just locked her room and went in with another man!''What!! That's a disaster! As if this day wouldn't get worse!! All these years, all this love for this day! I can't bear this anymore''I'm really sorry to hear that!''Don't be sorry, it's not your fault! I need a moment to think but time is running out! Do one thing... In the drawer below the phone there's a gun!''What!! I won't do anything stupid!!''No.. You don't understand.. I'm very rich and powerful.. No one can touch you and I'll pay you a million!''But...''I'll pay you two million but you have to be quick about it, he shouldn't get away!''Okay..'Cecelia steps away and there are two bangs that are heard.'I've done it''Excellent! Now throw the bodies in the empty pool at the back and I'll take care of them when I get back''What pool!???''Umm.. Is this 852236709?'
I found a place where the recycling rate is 100% This post.
Roses are gray. Violets are gray. I'm a dog.Happy Valentine's Day!
I hear the Mexicans are planning an attack on America Don't worry, we have our Trump card.
I bought my friend an elephant for their room. They said thank you. I said don't mention it.
You're laughing because I'm laughing. But I'm laughing braces I just farted. 
This guy proposed to his wife after walking away from a terrible car accident without a scratch. He said "Life's too short and it can end at any time." She said "Honey, we've been married for 7 years. I think you have amnesia."
TIL you can drink lava But only once
First woman on mars. Houston we have a problem...OK what is it? If you don't know already I am not going to tell you. You wouldn't understand.
Recipe idea: rosemary and thyme lamb, without the thyme. I give you, "The Lamb That Thyme Forgot" 
What are the two most common names of Mexican fire-fighter? Jose and Hose B.
Ice Cube was asked if there was a rock band from the 80's of which he would have sex with all the members of... ... and he said "Fuck the Police"
Bad Advertisement Apparently using the words "Never opened" is no good, when trying to sell a parachute..
Roses are red. Cacti are thornyI just can't help thatYou make me horny
So Seamus and Mary are an elderly couple And they are very private. Ever since they were young they wouldn't talk about sex publicly, but instead developed a code phrase: Doing a load of laundry. One night they are out at the pub, having a couple drinks, and Seamus turns to Mary and asks "D'ya fancy going home and doing a load of laundry?"Mary looks at Seamus and says "you know that sounds lovely. Let's do."They finish their drinks and head home together. At home they are sitting in front of the fire, Seamus smoking his pipe and Mary with her knitting. Seamus asks "Mary? D'ya still fancy that load of laundry?" Mary looks at Seamus and says "aye I do, I really do. Let me just finish my knitting."So Seamus gets up and heads to the bed room. Mary keeps knitting and forgets all about Seamus. After an hour she realizes she forgot and jumps up and rushes to the bedroom. "Seamus?" Mary asks, "D'ya still fancy doing a load of laundry?"From under the covers Seamus replies "Y'know, Mary, it was a small load, so I did it by hand."
These reports of a major snowstorm hitting the Northeast don't concern me. It's all just flake news.
Why do you ask? A young Native American boy goes up to the chief of his tribe and asks "Chief, how did we get our names?"The Chief looked at the boy and said "Oh, that's simple. All parents in our tribe named their children after something that was occurring during their birth. For example, Snowflake was born during a great blizzard. Ember was born during a raging wildfire.Why do you ask, Two Dogs Fucking?"
Those ads actually ran. Yep, that's the joke. Funny how reality has become a joke. 
There's a bizarre black-market concession stand in North America which sells only human body parts Customers who wish to purchase an item must use code-phrases to avoid the authorities' suspicion.One night a blind man stops by the stand."What would you like to purchase today?" asks the cashier."Oh, nothing" the blind man says, "I was just *looking* around!"An few hours later, a deaf man approaches the stand.  The cashier realizes he can't hear him, and uses sign-language to ask what he'd like to purchase."Well, I *heard* you guys are having a sale!" the deaf man states with a wink and a nudge.Finally, just before that night's closing time, a muscular man with no apparent disability walks up to the stand.  The cashier asks what he'd like to purchase."I don't know ... I heard you guys sold *cherries*!" the man states with a look of subtle expectation.The cashier, despite going through his mental checklist of code-phrases, has no idea what he wants."I'm sorry, we've sold-out on that item." the cashier says with a puzzled stare."Ah *motherfucking* christ!" the man screams in pseudo-frustration.  However, the cashier just stands there with an agitated face.The customer, realizing his attempts aren't getting through to the employee, tries a different approach."Well, that's a darn shame!" he continues. "And I travelled across the entire *count-*" The man coughs."-ry to get here!"
Burnt my Hawaiian pizza today Should have cooked it on aloha temperature 
Why is the camel called the ship of the desert? Because its full of Arab semen.
A gorgeous young redhead goes into the doctor's office and said that her body hurt wherever she touched it... A gorgeous young redhead goes into the doctor's office and said that her body hurt wherever she touched it.'Impossible!' says the doctor. 'Show me.' The redhead took her finger, pushed on her left shoulder and screamed, then she pushed her elbow and screamed even more. She pushed her knee and screamed; likewise she pushed her ankle and screamed. Everywhere she touched made her scream.The doctor said, 'You're not really a redhead, are you? 'Well, no' she said, 'I'm actually a blonde.' 'I thought so,' the doctor said, 'Your finger is broken.'
What does a women say after having 3 orgasms in a row? Yeah I figured you wouldn't know.
The towns being evacuated under the Oroville Dam all voted Pro-Trump. Clearly those people love to live in constant fear of disaster.
A Man Gets Really Drunk A man gets really drunk at a bar and asks the bartender for the bathroom.  The bartender points to the bathroom and the man complains about having to take a serious shit and runs towards it.A few minutes later the man screams in agony, stops, then screams again.  The bartender goes to check it out and yells to the man, "What the hell is going on?""Everytime I press the lever, I feel like my balls are getting crushed!" the drunk yells."You drunk bastard," the bartender replies, "you're sitting on the mop strainer again!"
What's the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don't know... but the flag is a big plus. 
Did you hear about Leatherface's jewish cousin? He was also a serial killer. He liked to dig up the corpses of women and use their skin to furnish his house. After the police arrested him they discovered a whole morbid collection of objects. He had a belt made out of ears, a lampshade made from stitched together faces, they even found a labia menora. 
A milestone Is one mile closer to the stone. 
I floss religiously. I do it on Christmas and Easter.
I used to think everyone on 4chan was a virgin, But this Guy Fawkes.
What part of the house got busted for drugs? The attic
Manager : So do you think you'd be a good waiter? Me : well, you could say I bring a lot to the table.
An optometrist asks a woman out on a date I have a couple of ideas:1: Dinner2: Movies1 or 2? 1.. 2..? 1..... or 2?
Did you hear about the Chinese godfather? He made him an offer he couldn't understand. 
A pair of jumper cables walks into a bar The bartender sighs and says; "I'll serve you, but don't start anything!"
How many South Americans does it take to change a light bulb? A Brazilian. 
Scientists have been trying to talk to dolphins for years. One day it just clicked.
They say only men and lesbians can be funny... Must be something in the pussy they're eating
What's long and hard and full of semen? A Submarine.
Dad, how do you know if someone is drunk? Dad: Look son, you see those two people walking by?, if I had seen 4, I would've been drunk.Son: But dad, there's only one person.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his/her door? He/she wanted to win the no-bell prize. 
A man is shopping for cattle in 1886... He finally settles on a perfect Black Angus bull. He says to the owner "Here's the money. I need to send a message to my wife to come pick up the bull. She already knows where I am but I need her to come pick him up now before it gets dark. Where can a fella send a telegram?" The owner tells him that he has a machine but it is $100 a word. "That's outrageous! I only have $100." The owner says to him "Better make it good then." The man thinks for a few minutes and plops down the cash. "Send her this word: Comfortable." The owner of the bull looks confused and asks "How will that tell her anything?" To which the man replies "Well my wife can barely read, so she'll just read it reeeeeeal slow."
I thought of the first Fleshlight As it turns out it already existed but i came to it on my own
Doctor, are you sure he was Dead?    Q: Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse?      A: No.      Q: Did you check for blood pressure?      A: No.      Q: Did you check for breathing?      A: No.      Q: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you          began the autopsy?      A: No.      Q: How can you be so sure, Doctor?      A: Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar.      Q: But could the patient have still been alive nevertheless?      A: Yes, it is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law somewhere.zPS. This is actual testimony from a trial...........
Why are the dinosaurs afraid of Gordon Ramsey? He took a bite from one of his prey and complained that it was "FUCKING RAAAAAAWWWWW!" 
A lot of women turn into great drivers... So if you're a great driver, look out for women who are turning.
Valentines Day Flowers Blonde #1: Oh how I hate when he brings me flowers. All night I'll be on my back with my legs in the air.Blonde #2: Don't you own a vase? 
#1 Uconn women's team going for historic 100th consecutive team in a sold out stadium against #6 South Carolina Espn2 
A man escapes from prison where he has been for 15 years He breaks into a house to look for money and guns and finds a young couple in bed.He orders the guy out of bed and ties him to a chair, while tying the girl to the bed he gets on top of her, kisses her neck, then gets up and goes into the bathroom. While he's in there, the husband tells his wife:"Listen, this guy's an escaped convict, look at his clothes! He probably spent lots of time in jail and hasn't seen a woman in years. I saw how he kissed your neck." If he wants sex, don't resist, don't complain, do whatever he tells you. Satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you. This guy is probably very dangerous. If he gets angry, he'll kill us. Be strong, honey. I love you."To which his wife responds: "He wasn't kissing my neck. He was whispering in my ear. He told me he was gay, thought you were cute, and asked me if we had any vaseline. I told him it was in the bathroom. Be strong honey. I love you too!!"
Did you hear the outrage over the rapist getting four years? And he gets to live in the White House to boot!
Sure Fire Pickup Line "Get in the car bitch......I got a gun!"
Why did Michael Brown cross the road? He didn't. He's dead. 
The term OP on r/Jokes Is pretty ironic
I'm an avid supporter of the Flat Earth Society! I always have heated debate about it with my friend residing in the other hemisphere.
People in California... At first, people in California were like "Oh, we don't have enough water!" and now they're like "Oh, we have too much water!"___They can't make up their *dam* minds.  
I took ribeye to the top of Everest... The steaks could not be higher.
A man finally buys tickets to bring his family to the super bowl... He excitedly sits down in his seat and his family takes their seats to his right. The game is about to start and he notices the seat next to his left is empty. He leans over to the guy a seat over and says, 'Hey man, did you buy this seat? Who would miss the super bowl!?'The man says to him, 'Yeah, I bought it for my wife but she passed away.'The first guy says, 'Oh, man, I'm so sorry to hear that... didn't you have a family member or friend that wanted the seat? I mean... It's the super bowl.'The man says, 'Yeah, there were a few, but they're all at the funeral.'*****I know its a month late, but a co-worker just told me this and his jokes are usually terrible grandpa-level jokes, so I had to post it.*****
Why do the riot police show up at concerts early? To beat the crowd.
Would you say 5 plus 7 is 13 or 5 plus 7 are 13?
Jaws Two guys are hitchhiking down the highway.  At the same time an older couple is driving on the same road.  The man has diarrhea something fierce.  Every few miles he has his wife pull into a service station.  Finally she gets tired of this and tells him "I'm not stopping. If you have to go that bad, hang your ass out the window and go". So the man does this as they're passing the hitchhikers, one of which get's the full load  on him.  "Damned snooze chewers!!!" he yells. But his partner says "Yeah, but did you see the JAWS on that sumbitch".
My substitute teacher had diarrhea... She couldn't control her Pewp Hole.
Sex Statistics on a Plane.   A businessman boards a flight and is lucky enough to be   seated next to an absolutely gorgeous woman. They   exchange brief hellos and he notices she is reading a manual about sexual statistics. He asks her about it and she replies,   "This is a very interesting book about sexual statistics.   It identifies that American Indians have the longest   average penises and Polish men have the biggest average   diameter. By the way, my name is Jill. What's yours?"   He coolly replies, "Tonto Kawalski, nice to meet you."
YEE HAWWW LETS ROUND UP ALL THEM DIRTY N- Crowd : D:<Me: Nazis. . . . .Crowd: *Sigh of relief*Me: Especially Hans   . . . . .Fuck Hans. 
A flood warning is given, but the local priest decides to stay... The water level starts rising, but he has faith that God will save him. As the water is up to his knees, an old man in a rowboat sails up to him."Hey," he says. "Need a lift?"The priest shakes his head. "No thank you, I have faith that the lord will save me. Use your boat to find those more in need."The rowboat heads off, and soon the water is up to the priest's chest.  A rescue boat loaded with supplies comes racing up to him."Grab my hand!" the captain yells. "We gotta get out of here!""No!" The priest yells. "There are others who need help. I assure you, the lord will save me!"Reluctantly, the rescue boat rides off.As the water continues to rise, the priest is forced to the roof of his house. A helicopter flies over to him and lowers a winch."Hold on!" Shouts the winchman as he holds out his hand.But the priest again shakes his head. "No! The lord will save me! Go save someone else!"Frustrated, the helicopter flies away. Sadly, the water becomes too much for the priest to deal with and he goes under.He finds himself in heaven, absolutely stunned. After going through the pearly gates, he walks straight up to God himself."Lord," the priest says, "I spent my life devoted to you. I truly believed that you would protect me through the hardest times in my life. Yet when I needed you most, when my life was at stake, you weren't there for me!""What are you talking about?" God replies. "I sent two boats and a fucking helicopter!!"
Police arrested two guys in the riots. One for looting batteries, the other for throwing fireworks. They charged one and let the other off.
A bitch ate my cookie, now the bitch is dead Apparently chocolate is bad for dogs
Have you heard of the new LGBTQ Music Awards? Yeah, they're going to name it "The Trannies"
Joe bought a gun . . . Joe bought a gun. He walked right into the sporting goods store, up to the gun counter, and picked out a semi-automatic .12 gauge shotgun with a box of buckshot shells. The entire process took no more than twenty minutes. Joe left town and drove for a couple hours before exiting the highway and driving down a winding county road for another ten minutes. Joe pulled into a service station and parked his car. He sat in his vehicle, loaded five shells into his new Benelli shotgun, and chambered in a shell.Joe clicked off the safety and walked into the convenience store. There was no one in sight but the attendant behind the counter. Her name was Janice. She tried to run when she saw the shotgun but Joe shot her as she turned. She took some buckshot to the brain and died almost instantly.Joe walked behind the counter, stepping carefully over Janice, picked up the phone, and dialed 911. "I've killed a lady. I'm robbing the store," Joe told the 911 operator. He then emptied the cash register, walked out to his vehicle, and drove away. A short ways down the road, Joe came upon another service station. He pulled in and exited his vehicle. The owner of the service station was a capable man named Bill. Bill saw the look in Joe's eyes when Joe approached the door of the service station, and he saw the gun in his hand. Bill was ready with his own shotgun by the time Joe raised his, and Bill pumped a slug into Joe's abdomen.Bill immediately called for an ambulance and approached Joe with compassion. "Let me help you, son."As Bill tended to Joe's wounds as best as he could, it became clear that Joe might not survive. Bill asked him, "Why did you do it, son? Why did you bring that damn gun into my store? I had to shoot you. What, were you going to rob me? Why?"As the light of life flickered in Joe's eyes, with his dying breath he responded, "Damn it all. Shamu and Moby Dick put me up to it. They are waiting outside for me right now. I'm gonna go get them. Be right back, mister."And with that, Joe died. Bill would go on to give a full account of Joe's actions and his last words to the police and to the press. Then, the following morning, the Sunday paper headline read,"The Outlaw Joe Sees Whales"
My pal is a comedian. He woke me up late last night and asked if I could write a few gags for his set in a couple of days, because his mom just died and he was busy with her funeral. I agreed to help him out and asked if he had a topic in mind. He said, sorry, I'm too upset to be thinking about chocolate right now.Looks like I'm going to need help.
Why did the hungry baby calf cross the road? To get to the udder side.
I got kicked out of a grocery store... for taking a leek in the vegetable aisle.
What do you say to a Woman with no arms or legs? Nice Tits.
Measurements A man and his wife were outside their house doing yardwork. The husband looked over at his wife bent over her flower bed and said "ya know honey, I never really noticed how big your ass is. Why, I bet it's just as wide as the range on the grill." To prove his point, the man went and grabbed the tape measure out of his toolbox. First he measured the width of the grill then his wife's bottom. "Yep, just as thought. It really is as big as the grill." The wife got offended and stormed back into the house.Later that night, laying in bed, the husband started feeling frisky. He put his arm around hia wife and said "hey honey, what do ya say we fool around a little bit?". The wife turned to face him and said "Now why would I fire up this big ol' grill for one little weenie?". 
[NSFW] Did you hear about the guy whose house was overrun with cats? Apparently it was more pussy than he could handle.
I am going out with my valentine tonight I wish I could post it on different sub
I've been suffering from an extreme form of memory loss alt-zheimers
A distraught man goes to his doctor and says "Doc, there's a piece of lettuce sticking out of my butt!" The doctor asks him to drop his pants and examines him. The man asks: "Doc, does it look serious?"The doctor replies: "Sorry to tell you, but it's just the tip of the iceberg."
Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
Did you hear about the hostage situation at the spice factory? They used a cumin shield.
An Engineer Goes to Hell An Engineer dies and goes to hell. He's hot and miserable, so he decides to take action. The A/C has been busted for a long time, so he fixes it. Things cool down quickly.The moving walkway motor jammed, so he un jams it. People can get from place to place more easily.The TV was grainy and unclear, so he fixes the connection to the Satellite dish and now they get hundreds of high def channels.One day, God decides to look down on Hell to see how his grand design is working out and notices that everyone is happy and enjoying umbrella drinks. He asks the Devil what's going on?The Devil replies, "Things are great down here since you sent us that engineer.""What?? An engineer? I didn't send you one of those, that must have been a mistake. Send him back up right this minute."The Devil responds, "No way! We are going to keep our engineer. We like this guy."God demands, "If you don't send him to me immediately, I'll sue!"The Devil laughs. "Where are you going to get a lawyer?"
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints.
I first realized we were a poor family when on my birthday I asked for the new sweet iphone. And got a candy apple.
If Harry Potter were about pirates: "It's Levi-O-sARRRRRRR"
An American and a Chinese were arguing about which government was better The American boasts, "clearly the American government is better. You can go to the white house with a megaphone and yell 'Trump sucks!' and you wouldn't even be arrested."The Chinese replied, "what of it? You can go to Tiananmen square and yell 'Trump sucks!'  and you still wouldn't be arrested." 
When m'y girlfriend said let's not bother and do nothing this year for valentine's day I agreed and realised way later that included sex
It's hard to believe I can smoke five cigarettes on a two mile walk to work... But it's not that I'm a chainsmoker, it's just the COPD makes me walk really slow.
My wife told me "For Valentine's Day, nothing would make me happier than a diamond necklace" So I got her nothing.
US Politics are Hillaryous. 
What's a ninjas favorite drink? WWWAAAATTTAAAAr...
A pecan walks into a library... The librarian says, "so do you live in one of those little round houses?Pecan says, in a nutshell, yeah!
I used to be a fan... But now I'm just an air conditioner. 
I was looking for the perfect Valentine's Day card when something caught my eye. One of the cards said "I love you and only you" I know this doesn't sound strange but it was a pack of 20 cards
My wife is very anti-kids and I finally got her to agree on how many kids we'll have We're having two litters.
Donald Trump makes the best deals. Right now he's negotiating for a better interest rate on Daylight Savings Time.
3 old ladies are sitting on a bus The first one says - it's windy.Second one says - it's not Wednesday, it's Thursday. Third one says - yea, I'm thirsty too, we should buy something to drink. 
You know your girlfriends a keeper If she wears gloves, soccer jersey and cleats 
I've never done drugs before. I sidled up to the local drug dealer on the corner ...can I get an ounce of cocaine?look pal, I only sell grams!fuck it, give us an ounce of grams then!
Whats 12 inches long, purple and makes women scream in the middle of the night? Crib death
I need help writing a BDSM joke. I'm having trouble working out all the kinks.
Whats black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron
When did the man know it was time to dump his fat GF? When he realized it just wasn't going to work out.
How do you know if you have a high sperm count? She chews before she swallows.
So I'm dating this girl who has a twin sister, and one night I got confused and ended up fucking her dad... :/
Roses are red Violets are blue I've got genital warts soon you will too
A couple are walking in St. Petersburg square on Christmas Eve. They start to feel some light precipitation"I think it's raining" says the man"No it's snowing" replies the woman. "How about we ask this communist officer here?" "He is always right" exclaims the man. "Officer Rudolph, is it raining or snowing?" "Definitely raining" officer Rudolph replies before walking off. The man turns to his wife and says. "See? Rudolph the red knows rain, dear"
My girlfriend doesn't know any Metallica songs She couldn't name One 
I have an inferiority complex but it's not a very good one.
Three types of boobs A family was at the dinner table.  The son asked his Father: "Dad, how many kinds of boobs are there??  Surprised, the father answered:"Well, son, there are three kinds of Boobs"  "In her 20's, a women's boobs are like Melons, round and firm."  "In her 30's to 40's, they are like Pears, still nice but hanging a bit."  "After 50, they are like Onions."  Son: "Onions??"  Father: "Yes, you see them and they make you cry."  This made his Wife and Daughter Mad, so the Daughter asked her Mom: "How many kinds of Penises are there?"  The Mother smiled and said,"Well dear, a man goes through 3 phases."  "In his 20's, his penis is like an Oak Tree, Mighty and Hard."  "In his 30's and 40's, it is like a Birch, Flexible but Reliable."  "After 50's, it is like a Christmas Tree."  Daughter: "Christmas Tree??"  Mom: "Yes, the Tree is Dead and the Balls are just For Decoration!!"
You know how you can cut wood just by looking at it? You saw it. You saw it with your own two eyes.
3 nuns die and go to heaven... They're greeted warmly by the big pearly gates. The welcoming angel is holding a big bowl of water. He asks the first nun - have you ever touched a man's penis? The first nun trembles and says yes, she touched a penis but only with her fingers. Dip your fingers into the holy water and you will be pure, instructs the angel. The nun dips her fingers in the water and is allowed through the big pearly gates. The angel turns to the second nun and asks - did you touch a man's penis?Before she could answer, the third nun blurts out - eww, I'm not drinking that water after it goes up her ass!
A nurse walks up to the Doctor The nurse walks up to the doctor and asks... Doc, what are you doing?  Doc says... I'm writing a prescription.  Nurse says, but you're holding your thermometer.  Doc looks at her and says God Damn it some asshole has my pen 
I met a Soldier that survived Mustard Gas and Pepper spray He was a seasoned Veteran
One snow day a mother is making brownies for her kids She accidentally knocks her youngest son's jar of bb's into the brownie mix. She says "oh it'll be alright"Several hours after the brownies were done her youngest son comes to her with tears in his eyes and says "Mommy, when I was using the restroom I was peeing and something hard came out." She said "Oh it was just a BB, you'll be alright."Half an hour later she's cleaning and she hears sobbing coming from the bathroom, she sees her daughter and asks what's wrong. Her daughter says "I think I have kidney stones." The mom replies "oh it was just a BB, you'll be alright."Later that night she hears her oldest son laughing and says "Let me guess, you were peeing and a BB came out?" He says "No I was beating off and shot the dog!"
A man is served whiskey on a flight A man is served whiskey on a flight.The flight attendant asks the priest seated next to him, whether he would like a drink too?Priest: I would rather be raped by a dozen prostitutes than let liquor touch my lipsThe man returns the drink saying: Me too, I didn't know we had a choice...
A Chinese man is at a wedding And he's approached by a Jewish man who is clearly very drunk and the Jewish man says to him, "Hey, I just wanted to let you know, I still blame YOU for Pearl Harbor." And the Chinese man says, "What are you even talking about, that was the Japanese, I'm Chinese." To which the Jewish man replies, "Chinese, Japanese, you all are the same to me." And he walks away. Well this upset the Chinese man a bit so he decided to get a few drinks in him to help him calm down and maybe forget about the incident altogether. And so the Chinese man proceeded to drink until the wedding was over and as he was walking out he saw the Jewish man who had upset him earlier and being as inebriated as he was he decided to say something. The Chinese man goes to Jewish man, "Hey Buddy, I just wanted to let you know that I still blame YOU for the Titanic." "The Titanic?" Said the Jewish man, "What are you even talking about, that was an iceberg?" And the Chinese man says with a smug smile on his face, "Goldberg, iceberg, you're all the same to me." 
How do you castrate Vladimir Putin? Kick Donald Trump in the chin.
Why did the Ancient Egyptians build Great Pyramids? Because their Great Igloos melted.
Knock knock KNOCKIN ON HEAVENS DOOOWUUUWAAAAAAA
What type of investment do chemists prefer? They have an affinity for bonds.
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. D J Trump: Fake News!
What do you call a lesbian cavewoman? A Troglodyke!
What did one boat say to the other? Are you up for a little row-mance?
Colleagues A female student walks down the street of a college town. She had a stressful day and is dying to smoke a cigarette, but her lighter simply won't work. Then she notices a few young women hanging out on street corner. She's shy, but eventually works up a courage to approach them. Out of nervousness she blurts out: **Dear colleagues, I was wondering if you had a light?**One of the women produces a lighter, and the student walks away, puffing away happily. The women watch her go, and finally one remarks: **Puts out once, and now we're "colleagues"...**Let the downvotes begin... ;)
Trump is suing Male enhancement giant Viagra.. He says it's a rigged erection 
Michael Flynn bumps into Donald Trump Pardon me.
How do Mexicans feel about Trumps wall? They're already over it.
an American and a Australian are in the trenches the American asks: did you come here to diethe Australian says back: no i came here yesterday 
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise? "No".I thought not. It's not a story the jedi would tell you.
Communism. Master race.
God, I wish that I'd used a condom now. My wife walked in to the room when I was in the middle of a furious argument with our son. When he ran out of the room crying, I said to my wife, "God, I wish that I'd used a condom now."My wife was aghast and said, "What! You mean you wish that our son had never been born?"I said, "No, I've got his girlfriend pregnant."
I bought a dozen cup-cakes from a bakery. I got them home, opened the box and thought... that's odd.
An Irish man walks into a builders merchant He gets a tin of paint and puts it on the counter, then pays the cashier; the cashier asked if he'd like a bag for it.He says: "don't you worry, it's fine in the tin"
A Swede, an Icelander and a Norwegian end up shipwrecked on a deserted island. One day, as they are scouring the beaches for firewood, they come across an old oil lamp, washed ashore. The Swede picks it up and wipes it gently with his shirt sleeve, clearing the sand and the dirt. Out pops a spirit. The spirit says:"I have been trapped inside that lamp for a millennium due to a magic spell. Finally I have been set free. As a token of my gratitude, I will grant you one wish each."The Swede states that he is fed up with that little island and he would like to go back to Trelleborg. Poof, the Swede is gone. Next up is the Norwegian. He says: "I agree. I want to go home too, back to Narvik." Poof, the Norwegian vanishes. Now only the Icelander is left. After some pondering, he makes his wish. "It's too lonely out here all by myself. I want my friends back!"
I used to hate the ballet Now I just watch like nobody's dancing.
Did you hear about the kidnapping in the park the other day? He woke up. 
After the death The Monkees' Davy Jones... I'd like to offer mickydolenzes to his family.
What does Doc Brown say when he tastes good booze? "Great scotch!"
How do you find a blind guy at a nudist colony? It's not hard...
Trump & Trudeau Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau were we discussing politics when Donald leans in close and says:Donald: You know Justin, if the US were a Dictatorship I would be a Dictator.Justin: Yea, I suppose so Donald.Donald: And you know if the US were a Monarchy I would be a Monarch.Justin: That's also true Don, but I hate to break it to you, the US is a Country.
In honor of Valentine's Day - what's better than a rose on a piano? Tulips on an organ.
Twin sisters just turned 100 years old Twin sisters just turned one hundred years old in St. Luke's Nursing Home and the editor of the Cambridge rag, "The Cambridge Distorter," told a photographer to get over there and take the pictures of these 100 year old twin bitteys. One of the twins was hard of hearing and the other could hear quite well. The photographer asked them to sit on the sofa and the deaf one said to her twin, "WHAT DID HE SAY?" He said, "WE GOTTA SIT OVER THERE ON THE SOFA!" said the other. "Now get a little closer together," said the cameraman. Again, "WHAT DID HE SAY?" "HE SAYS SQUEEZE TOGETHER A LITTLE." So they wiggled up close to each other. "Just hold on for a bit longer, I've got to focus a little," said the photographer. Yet again, "WHAT DID HE SAY?" "HE SAYS HE'S GONNA FOCUS!" With a big grin the deaf twin shouted out, "OH MY GOD - BOTH OF US?"
Have you ever gone out on a first date and she tells you she never sleeps with anyone until at least the third date? That's just her way of getting two more dates out of you.
As a musician, I've learned the best way to win a Grammy... ...is to not release your music in the same year as Adele.
Life is like a diploma My parents keep telling me to get one.
What do you call Adele's groupies? The infadeles 
What do you call a person in love with a pie Piesexual!
What do you get when you spell the word "man" backwards Flashbacks
Why did the white girl count by odds to ten? Because she can't even
I found a place where the recycling rate is 52% Switzerland
The Oroville dam catastrophe is Trump's fault No manmade structure was designed to hold back that many liberal tears
Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs? So people don't confuse them with feminists.
How do you encourage a bear to eat cheese? C'mon bear!
What'd the cowboy say when he walked into the German car dealership? Audi...
American, German and Bosnian guys compete... American, German and Bosnian guys compete who will fart out a wine bottle cap the furthest. American goes first, eats 1 bowl of beans and farts out the cap 5 feet. German goes next, eats a cauldron full of beans and farts the cap 17 meters. Bosnian goes last, eats 1 bean and farts. They couldn't find the cap and they give up. The next day on the news:"An UFO size of a wine bottle cap hits and kills a Japanese civilian!"
I went to the house I grew up in and wanted to look around I knocked on the door and asked if I could, the people just slammed the door in my face.  My parents can be so rude sometimes.
Why was the orchestra teacher angry? Her students were pizzing her off.
An advertiser for coke is dispatched to Israel When he comes back, his friend asks him how it went. He replies that it did not go well."What happened?" his friend asked."Well, since I didn't know hebrew, I decided to convey the ad through a comic. The first panel showed a guy in a desert, dying of thirst. The secone panel showed him drinking coke. And the third panel showed him completely rejuvenated.""That sounds great! Why didn't it work?""Nobody told me they read right to left!"
I just finished the first semester in college and here is a list of things I failed at: 1.) The 1st semester
Did you hear about the bakery that spent too much on cakes? They ended up with an antoinette loss!
My mother said that I'm indecisive I couldn't understand where that came from, so I asked people. "It's because you like both dogs and cats" said my boyfriend. "No, no, no. It's because she likes both tea and coffee" said my girlfriend.
Please pray for my daughter's soul She was born a red head.
Where do you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left it. I'm sorry. My mom taught me that joke and told me that every birthday and it's my birthday today. 
What's Trump's least favorite periodic element? Just Tin
An interviewer asks a shepard Interviewer: How much milk do these cows give?Farmer: Which one? The Black ones or the brown ones?Interviewer: Brown ones.Farmer: A couple of litres per day.Interviewer: And the black ones?Farmer: A couple of litres per day.Interviewer(naturally a bit flummoxed): I see. What do you give them to eat?Farmer: Which ones? Black or brown?Interviewer: Black.Farmer: It eats grass.Interviewer: And the other ones?Farmer: Grass.Interviewer(now annoyed) : Why do you keep asking which one when the answers are the same?!Farmer: Because the black ones are mine.Interviewer: Oh, and the brown ones?Farmer: they are also mine
Jon: walks out from the bathroom- "Hey man sorry I took so long, I was just fixing my hair" Me: "Then what happened? Did you decide not to give a fuck??"
The last man sat in a room. There was a knock at the door... It was a lawyer.Edit: The last human on Earth.
I would like to propose a toast! For honor... If you can get honor.Stay honor.But if you can't come in her,Come honor.For honor!!
Bunny comes to Bear's bakery... He asks for a cabbage pie.Bear tells him they don't have that kind of pie.It repeats for a few days. Bear takes pity on Bunny and tells his wife, who does the baking:>Please, bake a cabbage pie for Bunny. He comes in every day asking for it.So the next day, Bunny is there again.>Do you have a cabbage pie?&nbsp;>Yeah, we do!&nbsp;>It's just gross, right?
How deep do the Sandusky genes run? All the way to boys size 12. 
Yo mamma's so stupid She tried to use politics to determine if a vector field was conservative.
My wife left me after being seduced by an Asian guy. He's a real Dong Wong. I'll just show myself out...
What's the difference between a playing card and Africa? One is the ace of spades, the other is the space of aids.
What do all women at the womens marches have in common? They don't want the D
Two men are sitting drinking at a bar At the top of the Empire State Building, when the first man turns to the other and says "You know, last week I discovered that if you jump from the top of this building, the winds around the building are so intense that by the time you fall to the 10th floor, they carry you around the building and back into a window". The bartender just shakes his head in disapproval while wiping the bar.The second guy says, "What, are you nuts? There's no way that could happen. "No, its true," the first man says. "Let me prove it to you." He gets up from the bar, jumps over the balcony, and plummets toward the street below. As he nears the 10th floor, the high winds whip him around the building and back into the 10th floor window and he takes the elevator back up to the bar.He meets the second man, who looks quite astonished. "You know, I saw that with my own eyes, but that must have been a one time fluke." "No, I'll prove it again," says the first man as he jumps again. Just as he is hurtling toward the street, the 10th floor wind gently carries him around the building and into the window. Once upstairs he urges his fellow drinker to try it."Well, why not." the second guy says, "It works. I'll try it." He jumps over the balcony, plunges downward passes the 11th, 10th 9th, 8th, floors. . . . . and hits the sidewalk with a SPLAT.Back upstairs the bartender turns to the other drinker and says, "You know Superman, you're a real jerk when you're drunk".
What's the seamonster's favourite meal? Fish & Ships
Have you heard the news about corduroy pillows? They're making headlines
I'm really torn on abortions... On the one hand, I support it because it's killing babies. On the other hand, it gives women a choice.
The environment is so bad. Dihydrogen monoxide now covers 70% of Earth. 
How do you get stuck bubble gum out of your hair? Cancer!
I ran over a Deer.... ....dear dear old man 
When is pasta month? I need to mark my colander. 
I hate when people misuse "it's" and "its" Tits very annoying
TIL: 80% of people will believe a fact if it has a percentage in it Or so I've been told
TIFU by being dyslexic and kidnapping 42 people Sorry, wrong bus.
Putting it in. A married Irishman went into the confessional and said to his priest,'I almost had an affair with another woman.'The priest said, 'What do you mean, almost?'The Irishman said, 'Well, we got undressed and rubbed together, but then I stopped.'The priest said, 'Rubbing together is the same as putting it in.  You're not to see that woman again. For your penance, say five Hail Mary's and put $50 in the poor box.'The Irishman left the confessional, said his prayers, and then walked over to the poor box.He paused for a moment and then started to leave.The priest, who was watching, quickly ran over to him saying, 'I saw that. You didn't put any money in the poor box!'The Irishman replied, 'Yeah, but I rubbed the $50 on the box, andaccording to you, that's the same as putting it in!'
What's red and bad for your teeth? A Brick.
If any of you are sad about being alone on valentines day, just remember... that nobody loves you on any other day of the year, and valentine's day shouldn't be any different.
Why is everyone scared of my hard drive? Because it has a terabyte.
What was the most destructive dinosaur of the prehistoric era? *Tyrannosaurus Wrecks*
What advice did the family therapist give to Jerry Sandusky Jr.? Always remain in-touch with the community.  
Tomorrow, I'm going to go to my girlfriend, get on one knee, present flowers and a ring, and say... "My love for you is like these flowers and this ring. It's gonna wither and die by the end of the month and is also insanely overvalued."
How did you know that the exterminator was attracted to termites? Because he pitched a tent whenever he saw one...
Is your refrigerator running? If it's not, you better check the connections on the back, or call a maintenance guy. Hopefully you didn't lose power. I'd make sure to get it figured out soon so your food doesn't go bad.
Why isn't Hitler playing in Esports? I wonder why Hitler haven't been invited to a Epsorts event yet. His KD ratio was 6,000,000 to 1.
I might've just wrote the greatest joke of all time. But I think I'm gonna wait until someone else posts it here first though...
Why is Fiora always banned? Great Reposte no counterplay.
Ravens and Crows A good friend told me a story once. When she was a kid her family would often go to zoos and museums while on vacation. They were in the aviary on one of those visits looking at birds. My friend saw a crow asked the zookeeper a question. "What's the difference between a raven and a crow?" The zookeeper looked at her, smiled and started to answer. "Have you ever heard of a pinion feather?" he said. "Pinions are the the feathers at the tip of a bird's wing that allows it to fly. They are also the ones that people will trim to prevent birds from flying away. Crows have 5 pinion feathers while ravens have 6. So, if you think about it, it's really just a matter of a pinion." To this day, my friend and her family don't know the real answer to "What's the difference between a crow and a raven?"  
A government man is walking his way to work... As he carries his heavy suitcase, a Russian woman comes up to him with a whiskey bottle in her hand and says, "I'll jerk your dick while you chug this, deal?"The man, not even thinking about the situation, agrees instantly and they rush off to the restroom, find a stall, and start doing it. While being jerked, he caps of the whisky bottle and starts chugging. A moment after, he starts feeling funny and dozes off to sleep. He wakes up, unknown of the time that has passed, and looks down only to realize his pants and underwear is gone, including his suitcase.Horrified, he runs out of the restroom, his thong going everywhere and 'bout, and yells, "Help! Help! I've been jacked!"
Can February march??? No, but April may.
What's the best way to get bubblegum out of your hair? Cancer.
What do you call her when St. Nick's wife dumps him to join a biker gang? A rebel without a Claus.
You're a very beautiful girl ... and you have a nice personality and a beautiful smile Girl: you just wanna get into my pantsBoy: you're intelligent as well.
Why are women attracted to intelligent men? Opposites attract
I'm obsessed with pushing my penis between my legs and pretending I'm a woman. It all started when my dad used to tuck me in at night.
Why should you always use your middle finger on a woman? Because a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
I didnt like my beard at first Then it really grew on me.
Are you Samarium, Arsenic, and Hydrogen? because I want to SmAsH
What kind of planes do rappers fly? Spitfire 
Aliens come to earth, and they're friendly! [NSFW] Aliens finally arrive on earth, and they're just as social as we are.  They meet with the human delegation and have a lovely chat, talking about how each species eats and sleeps and so on. "Really! you guys put food in your face hole and throw away any leftovers. We just lay on it and absorb what we need." Stuff like that.  The topic turns to procreation and both delegations admit they're curious and that a demonstration would be probably be best.  The aliens go first. One hops on another's head, starts spinning and after ten minutes or so a tiny new alien falls to the ground, dusts itself off and politely asks for sustenance.  Then it's our turn.  The two volunteers come out and after a couple minutes they've finished (at least one of them has).  The aliens stand there for a moment before one leans over and shyly and asks, "so, uh, where's the new human?" The humans reply, "oh, it'll be here in about 9 months." The alien asks "Then what was the rush at the end for?"  The woman looks into the camera and says "Amen!" as the studio audience bursts into laughter and the credits roll.
Me: (To Reddit) will you be my valentine ??? Reddit  : " I am married and i have many childs (SubReddits) "
Jeff won 20 million dollars But he did not know about it and his family did. They were afraid that if they told him he would have a heart attack, so they chose his favourite brother Ted to tell him easily."If you won 20 million dollars, what would you do with them?" Said Ted."I would give you half of them" said Jeff.Today is Ted`s funeral.
Math class Teacher asks Johnny:"Imagine you have $200. And you give $50 to Jane, $50 to Suzi, $50 to Melissa. What would you have?""An orgy?"Edited: names spelling, grammar.
How do bread cells divide? They sbread apart through mitoastis
Everyones keeps teasing me about being so damn lazy I just can't do this anymore. I think I'm just going to kill myself.But the gun is like... way over there.
!false It's funny cause it's true.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? Zero.
Sex I know, I don't get it either. 
I'm selling an authentic French rifle.. It was never fired and only dropped once.
Breaking News: A movie theatre has just been robbed of over two thousand dollars The theives took a large soda and two bags of popcorn
How to properly propose to a stoner Marriage-you-wanna?
The bartender asks the first one "What can I get you?" Two race conditions walk into a bar.
Two gay men in are having sex..... Two gay men are having sex in bedroom. After a while one of them decides that he needs a break and goes to bathroom. The second one thinks he's away for too long so he goes to check him. When he finds him in bathroom, whole room is covered with semen.  He asks with anger: 'Why didn't you wait for me?!' but second one sort of surprised answers: 'Oh you mean  that? I just farted....' 
What did the pea wonder before an 8 hour road trip? To pee or not to pee.
Why was the teacher cross eyed? Because he couldn't control his pupils.
Manager gets caught stealing from his pizza job. Upper management says, they caught him stealing "dough". 
What kind of bee produces milk instead of honey? A boo bee
Why did the muslim guy rig a competition? So he could win Allah the prizes.
What do you call a doctor named Otto? An ottometrist
Donald Trump's greeting to all Mexicans on 14th February. Happy Wallentine's Day.
Why were the Vandals so fat? Gravity
If it walks like a duck, talks like a duck, and looks like a duck... Then the humans will suspect nothing!
What is the difference between Snickers and a dick? Try Snickers sometimes
My father died from an overdose of Viagra recently. It's been a hard time for us.
Mexican word of the day: Chicken My wife tried to come to America, but thanks to trump chicken not get in.
Do you like duck sausage? Then duck on over here and get some.
What's the United States' biggest, most well-known export? Troops
I thought a vasectomy wouldn't get my wife pregnant.. Turns out, all it does is just change the color of the baby. 
I learned sign language It's very handy!
Does anyone else get as excited about Valentine's Day coming up as they do about Christmas? Or is it just because I'm Jewish?
You know what's really odd? Numbers that aren't divisible by two.  
My grandpa said to me: "I don't think these "Free (someone)" things are working..." "I mean I've seen millions of these "Free Wifi" -signs through the years, but as far as I know, the poor bastard hasn't been freed yet!"
A monkey is getting stoned in a tree.. A monkey is sitting in a tree smoking a joint when a lizard walks past, looks up and says to the monkey "Hey, what're you doing?"The monkey replies, "Smokin' a joint, come up and have some."So the lizard climbs up and sits next to the monkey and they smoke a few joints.After a while the lizard says his mouth is 'dry' and he's going to get a drink from the river.The lizard is so stoned that he leans over too far and falls into the river.A crocodile sees this and swims over to the lizard and helps him to the side, then asks the lizard, "What's the matter with you?"The lizard explains to the crocodile that he was sitting up a tree with a monkey smoking pot, got too stoned and then fell into the river while taking a drink.The crocodile says he has to check this out and wanders into the jungle. He finds the tree where the monkey is sitting finishing up a joint.The crocodile yells up to the monkey and says "Hey!"The monkey looks down and says, "Fuck man! How much water did you drink?!?"
What do you call the cleavage of a woman with fake breasts? Silicone Valley
I asked an old man, "Even after 95 years, you still call your wife 'Darling', 'Honey', 'Love'. What's the secret?" I asked an old man, "Even after 95 years, you still call your wife 'Darling', 'Honey', 'Love'. What's the secret?" . OLD MAN: "I forgot her name 10 years ago and I'm scared to ask her
How does Hellen Keller drive? One hand on the steering wheel, the other on the road 
This administration is doing everything they can as quickly as possible So much so, even their scandals are Russian.
What did the gay horse eat for brunch? Hay HAY Hay
There's one good thing about being a porn star. You're always going to be satisfied with the job.
Some women love playing hard to get. Closing their blinds, locking their doors, calling the police...
I hate it when it heils outside... I always blame the Nazis.
A Girls Sleepover Amy: Truth or dare?Lingling: Truth.Amy: Where's Sarah's dog?Lingling: Dare.**lmao this is old asf and i am in no way racist, this just made me laugh**
My aunt Marge has been in hospital for a while. I can't believe she's not better.
Mr and Mrs.. Mr and Mrs Sterile have no children.
Why are women so clueless? They never bothered with the "Y". 
A man stands, chain smoking at a bus stop... A man stands, chain smoking at a bus stop.The woman standing next to him says "Hey, don't you know that those things can kill you? I mean, didn't you see the giant warning on the box?!""That's OK..." says the guy, puffing casually, "I'm a programmer""So? What's that got to do with anything?""Errors are serious, warnings are nothing...".
If it looks like a duck, and sounds like a duck... It probably identifies as a napkin and how dare you assume it's species. 
Californians hate walls so much... They cried until the Oroville dam collapsed.
A man drove his car into a tree. He found out how a Mercedes bends.
Favorite sandwich So, I was talking to my friend the other day, and we ended up talking about our local deli.&nbsp;I asked him what his favorite sandwich was, and he told me it was the pastrami salami sandwich.&nbsp;Then I said "I don't remember that one. What's on it exactly?"&nbsp;He said "It's the one with the synthetic pork and lard sausage."&nbsp;I said "No, you're thinking of the phony bologna sandwich."
I found a place where the recycling rate is 98% /r/Jokes
I wanted to make a joke about chemistry tests But NaH
Pass the dam fish! A boy is selling fish on a corner. To get his customers' attention, he is yelling, "Dam fish for sale! Get your dam fish here!" A pastor hears this and asks, "Why are you calling them "dam fish." The boy responds, "Because I caught these fish at the local dam." The pastor buys a couple fish, takes them home to his wife, and asks her to cook the dam fish. The wife responds surprised, "I didn't know it was acceptable for a preacher to speak that way." He explains to her why they are dam fish. Later at the dinner table, he asks his son to pass the dam fish. He responds, "That's the spirit, Dad! Now pass the fucking potatoes!"
What did scorpion say to your ugly mum Stay oveerrr there 
Finding the perfect shower temperature on the first try is like my girlfriend Non existent, but I hope every day.
A dick has a sad life if you think about it His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbour is an asshole, his best friend is a pussy and to top it all off, his owner beats him regularly.  
Why did the invisible man quit his new job? He just couldn't see himself doing it.
What do you call it when a Mexican provides hands-on internet services? Emanuel Labor
PSA: You should all donate money to testicular cancer research. It's a no-ball cause. (But seriously you should)
I'm a very busy businessman, but my wife still demanded that I take her out for valentine's day... Vinnie, my hitman, said he'd do it for me. 
Shopping Cart racing Every time I see someone racing their shopping cart down the parking lot I secretly hope they run into a car. Wham! 
Jehovah's witnesses are always banging on my door everyday Joke's on them, I'm never letting them out of my basement.
The choice for president came down to two candidates: the moody bitch or Hillary Clinton.
Did you hear about the troublesome teaspoon? It went into the kitchen and caused a stir.
I was standing in line for hours showing my appreciation to everyone I met. It was a thanqueue.
I asked my wife what she wanted for Valentine's Day, and she said "Something long and powerful that vibrates." I hope she likes her new weed eater! 
Who's the father of corny jokes? Popcorn! 
Why are Jewish men usually circumcised? Because Jewish women won't take anything that's less than 10% off
Who is Trump's favorite YouTuber? CrazyRussianHacker.
My mum calls me Scott, but my friends call me when they want something
My friend is trying to convince me to replace all my skin with a plush brown material But I won't be suede
I was doing CPR the other day And wow, that sure is a work out, it really....gets the blood moving
Never swallow scrabble tiles... That shit could spell disaster
What kind of tea is hard to swallow sometimes? Re-ali
What marker is only sold in shady areas? Mr. Sketch.
A woman gets a new number She sends a text message to her husband.W - "Hi honey, this is my new number. Can't wait to see you tonight"M - "Hey babe. I can't tonight. I'm having dinner with my wife"
How do pirates have babies? They Aaarrrrrrrrrrtificially Inseminate. 
A woman was getting out of the shower As her husband was getting in; and she heard the door bell and quickly wrapped herself in a towel and went downstairs. She opened the door and it was their next door neighbor, Mike. He said, I'll give you eight hundred dollars if you drop that towel right now. She thought, well that's a lot of money, so she dropped the towel. He gave her the money and left. She went upstairs and told her husband that the neighbor Mike had come by. He asked if he gave her the eight hundred dollars he owed him.
it all The title says it all.
During science class at school, I lowered the pressure and temperature in my lab flask, and introduced some tiny ice crystals to it. But my tutor stopped me and sent me home for trolling. How was I supposed to know it was bad to trigger snowflakes!
A Frenchman, an Italian and a Jewish man die and go to heaven.... An angel ushers the Frenchman into a room filled with every French delicacy imaginable and instructs him - you can eat whatever you want, but if you eat anything from this table, at 5:00 a boiling pot of French onion soup will be wheeled in and you're going in it. The Frenchman thinks for a moment and stands back in fear. An angel ushers the Italian into a room filled with every Italian delicacy imaginable and instructs him - you can eat whatever you want, but if you eat anything from this table, at 5:00 a boiling pot of Minestrone soup will be wheeled in and you're going in it. The Italian thinks for a moment and stands back in fear.An angel ushers the Jewish man into a room filled with every type of Jewish delicacy imaginable and instructs him - you can eat whatever you want, but if you eat anything from this table, at 5:00 a boiling pot of chicken soup will be wheeled in and you're going in it. The Jewish guy thinks for a moment and begins stuffing his face with food. The puzzled angel has never seen this before. No one ever dared to eat the food in fear of being thrown into the boiling soup. He asked the Jewish fellow - I don't understand, the Frenchman and Italian were too scared to eat, are you not afraid?The Jewish guy answered - nah, I know how these Jewish events work, 5:00 is never 5:00 and the soup is never that hot. 
Have you ever noticed that Ireland is just one sea away from.... Iceland
My wife said she wanted to feel special this Valentines Day. So I bought her a helmet and some crayons.
It must be hard working as a prostitute. After all, work just comes and goes.
For the valentines spirit Roses are red violets are blue I am pregnant but it is not from you
roses are red, violets are blue in soviet russia, poems write you. 
my friends carter and jack that's it. that's the joke.
Anger bottled up inside
He was a Lion on the battlefield
Scapegoat
A shot across the bows
High and dry
Sea of bees
An endless night
His eye on the Sparrow
Sea of fire
Apple of my eye
Home was prison
Sea of ghosts
Batten down the hatches
Homework is a breeze
Sea of knowledge
Battle of egos
House of cards
Sea of love
Belling the cat
Hungry ghost
Sea of sadness
Belt was a snake
Ideas are water
Sea of smiles
Better half
Ideas are wings
Sea of sorrows
Birds of a feather flock together
Ideas in motion
Sea of umbrellas
Blanket of air
Infinite crisis
Sea of uncertainty
Blanket of bullets
Infinite spectrum of possibilities
Shades of excellence
Blanket of clouds
Intimate relationship
Shades of hope
Blanket of exemption
Jumping the shark
Shake a leg
Blanket of flowers
Know the ropes
Shaking the dust from the feet
Blanket of ghosts
Law of the horse
She felt her gorge rising
Blanket of hope
Legs were wax
Blanket of indifference
Life is a journey
Shiver my timbers
Blanket of insurance
Life is a mere dream
Shooting the messenger
Blanket of love	Light of my life
Shot down an idea
Blanket of roses
Loose cannon
Silken lies
Blanket of secrecy
Love is a battlefield
Simmer down
Blanket of snow
Love is a bond
Slippery slope
Blanket of stars
Love is a camera, full of memories
Smell of death
Blow one 's trumpet
Love is a fine wine
Smell of fear
Boiling frog
Love is a garden
Smell of rain
Boiling mad
Love is a growing garland
Smoking gun
Broken heart
Love is a journey
Snake oil
Butterfly economics
Love is a thrill ride
Social organizations are plants
Cabin fever
Love is an experiment
Spherical cow
Camel 's nose
Love is an ocean
Stable economy
Choices are crossroads
Melting pot
Stable marriage problem
Close quarters
Moral compass
Standing on the shoulders of giants
Cloudy memory
Necessity is the mother of invention
Sticky wicket
Cold feet
Night was falling
Storm of swords
Consumed by love
Night owl
Strength and dignity are her clothing
Copperbottomed
Noisy neighbors
Stubborn stains
Cotton candy words
Noisy stomach
Sweet dreams
Couch potato
On your beam ends
Sweet smell of success
Crop of students
Panic stations
Tell it to the marines
Deep dark secret
Path of exile
The bitter end
Disaster area
Path of glory
The cut of your jib
Domino effect
Peace of mind
The evening of one 's life
Early bird
Plain sailing
The sea bit my ankles
Eyes were fireflies
Point of no return
Their ideas are difficult to swallow
Eyes were saucers
Profits fell last year
Thoughts are a storm, unexpected
Flogging a dead horse
Puppet government
Three sheets to the wind
Food for thought
Push the boat out
Tiger Cub Economies
Fork in the road
Rainbow of challenges
Time a thief
Full to the gunwales
Rainbow of flavors
Turkeys voting for Christmas
Give a wide berth
Rainbow of hope
Walk the plank
Go by the board
Rainbow of love
Wave of donations
Hand over fist
Raining cats and dogs
Wheels of justice
Hard and fast
Reality an enemy
Work has dried up
He got all steamed up
Rug Rats
A heart of stone
Reality is an enemy
He has the heart of a lion
You are the sun in my sky
Ideas are water
You are the light in my life
I'm dead tired
You had better pull your socks up
Drowning in the sea
Words are false idols
Jumping for joy
Apple of my eye
It is raining cats and dogs
Information travels faster in this modern age as our days start crawling away
Life has a tendency to come back and bite you in the ass
Fear is a beast that feeds on attention
A riverboat shall be my horse
A light in a sea of darkness
Strength and dignity are her clothing
Thoughts are a storm
A laugh in a sea of sadness
The noise is music to my ears
He swam in the sea of diamonds
Your friendship is the picture to my frame
Truth is food
Authority is a chair, it needs legs to stand up
The pigeons fountained into the air
His hair was bone white
It's raining men
Ideas are wings
The sea is a hungry dog
He has a voice of a wolf
Crocodiles' teeth are white daggers
Fire is day, when it goes out it's night
Strong as an ox
School is a gateway to adulthood
Leaping with laughter
Life is a mere dream, a fleeting shadow on a cloudy day
It asked a crumb of me
Love is a growing garland
She is bewitching
Love is A Thrill Ride
I'm Heartbroken
We are one
Love is a fragile flower opening to the warmth of spring
That kindled love in his heart
We'll just have to go our separate ways
Love is a camera, full of memories
He was consumed by love
Theirs is a perfect match
I don't think this relationship is going anywhere
Love is a lemon, either bitter of sweet
It's been a long, bumpy road
Our marriage is on the rocks
Love is an experiment
My heart's on fire
She is his latest flame
I don't want to get burned again
Love is in the air
We were made for each other
She is my better half
I am charmed by her
It 's raining cats and dogs
She is drowning in a sea of love
He has a heart of gold
Hearing his voice was music to my ears
Her words cut deeper than a knife
I 'm feeling blue
She was fishing for compliments
America is a melting pot
A light in a sea of darkness
Time is a thief
Cry me a river
A bandaid for the problem
He broke my heart
Life is a rollercoaster
She is the apple of my eye
A hot potato
A penny for your thoughts
Actions speak louder than words
Add insult to injury
At the drop of a hat
Back to the drawing board
Ball is in your court
Barking up the wrong tree
Be glad to see the back of
Beat around the bush
Best of both worlds
Best thing since sliced bread
Bite off more than you can chew
Blessing in disguise
Burn the midnight oil
Can't judge a book by its cover
Caught between two stools
Costs an arm and a leg
Cross that bridge when you come to it
Cry over spilt milk
Curiosity killed the cat
Cut corners
Cut the mustard
Devil's Advocate
Don't count your chickens before the eggs have hatched
Don't give up the day job
Don't put all your eggs in one basket
Drastic times call for drastic measures
Elvis has left the building
Every cloud has a silver lining
Far cry from
Feel a bit under the weather
Give the benefit of the doubt
Hear it on the grapevine
Hit the nail on the head
Hit the sack
In the heat of the moment
It takes two to tango
Jump on the bandwagon
Keep something at bay
Kill two birds with one stone
Last straw
Let sleeping dogs lie
Let the cat out of the bag
Make a long story short
Method to my madness
Miss the boat
Not a spark of decency
Not playing with a full deck
Off one's rocker
On the ball
Once in a blue moon
Picture paints a thousand words
Piece of cake
Put wool over other people's eyes
See eye to eye
Sit on the fence
Speak of the devil
Steal someone's thunder
Take with a grain of salt
Taste of your own medicine
To hear something straight from the horse's mouth
Whole nine yards
Wouldn't be caught dead
Your guess is as good as mine
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
A bunch of fives
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link
A change is as good as a rest
A countenance more in sorrow than in anger
A Daniel come to judgement
A diamond in the rough
A diamond is forever
A different kettle of fish
A dish fit for the gods
A dog is a man's best friend
A drop in the bucket
A drop in the ocean
A fate worse than death
A feather in one's cap
A fish rots from the head down
A fish out of water
A fly in the ointment
A fool and his money are soon parted
A fool's paradise
A foot in the door
A foregone conclusion
A friend in need is a friend indeed
A golden key can open any door
A good man is hard to find
A hard man is good to find
A hiding to nothing On
A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse
A house divided against itself cannot stand
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step
A knight in shining armour
A la carte
A la mode
A legend in one's own lifetime
A leopard cannot change its spots
A little bird told me
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing
A little of what you fancy does you good
A load of cobblers
A load of codswallop
A man after my own heart
A man who is his own lawyer has a fool for a client
A millstone around one's neck
A ministering angel shall my sister be
A miss is as good as a mile
A nation of shopkeepers
A nest of vipers
A no brainer
A nod is as good as a wink
A norange
A penny for your thoughts
A picture is worth a thousand words
A piece of the action
A pig in a poke
A place for everything and everything in its place
A plague on both your houses
A priori
A red rag to a bull
A riddle wrapped up in an enigma
A rolling stone gathers no moss
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet
A rose is a rose is a rose
A safe pair of hands
A sea change
A skeleton in the closet
A sledgehammer to crack a nut
A shot in the arm
A sight for sore eyes
A sorry sight
A stitch in time saves nine
A stone's throw
A thing of beauty is a joy forever
A tinker's damn
A turn up for the books
A watched pot never boils
A wolf in sheep's clothing
A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle
A woman's place is in the home
A word in edgeways
A word in your shell like
A young man's fancy
Abandon all hope ye who enter here
Abide with me
About face
About turn
Above board
Abracadabra
Absence makes the heart grow fonder
Absent without leave
Absolute power corrupts absolutely
Accidentally on purpose
Accidents will happen
According to Hoyle
Ace in the hole
Achilles' heel
Acid test
Acronyms
Across the board
Act of God
Act the giddy goat
Action man
Adam's ale
Adversity makes strange bedfellows
After the fact
Aga saga
Against the grain
Age before beauty
Age cannot wither her, nor custom stale her infinite variety
Agree to disagree
Aid and abet
Air kiss
Air quotes
Al fresco
Alas, poor Yorick I knew him, Horatio
Alike as two peas in a pod
Alive and kicking
All agog
All at sea
All fingers and thumbs
All Greek to me
All in all
All intents and purposes
All mouth and no trousers
All of a sudden
All present and correct
All publicity is good publicity
All singing, all dancing
All systems go
All that glitters is not gold
All the tea in China Not for
All things come to those who wait
All things must pass
All you can eat
All's fair in love and war
Alter ego
Amber nectar
An albatross around one's neck
An apple a day keeps the doctor away
An arm and a leg
An axe to grind
An Englishman's home is his castle
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth
An ill wind
An offer he can't refuse
An Oxford scholar
Anchors aweigh
Angry young man
Ankle biter
Annus horribilis
Another think coming
Apple of my eye
Apple pie order
April fool
Arm candy see ear candy
Arms akimbo
Ars longa, vita brevis
Arty farty
Asap As soon as possible
As X as Y
As alike as two peas in a pod
As bald as a coot
As black as Newgate's knocker
As bold as brass
As brown as a berry
As busy as a bee
As busy as a one armed paperhanger
As cold as any stone
As cool as a cucumber
As cute as a bug's ear
As daft as a brush
As dead as a dodo
As dead as a doornail
As different as chalk and cheese
As easy as pie
As fast as greased lightning
As fine as frog's hair
As fit as a butcher's dog
As fit as a fiddle
As good as gold
As good luck would have it
As happy as...
As happy as a clam
As happy as a sandboy
As happy as Larry
As high as a kite
As keen as mustard
As mad as a hatter
As mad as a March hare
As nice as ninepence
As old as Methuselah
As old as the hills
As pleased as Punch
As pure as the driven snow
As safe as houses
As queer as a nine bob note
As snug as a bug in a rug
As straight as a die
As the crow flies
As thick as thieves
As thick as two short planks
As white as snow
Ashes to ashes dust to dust
Ask a silly question and you'll get a silly answer
(Ask not) for whom the bell tolls
(H)asta la vista, baby
At loggerheads
At one fell swoop
At one's beck and call
At one's wit's end
At sixes and sevens
Augur well
Auld lang syne
Away with the fairies
Baby blues
Baby boomer
Baby father
Back of beyond
Back seat driver
Back the field
Back to basics
Back to square one
Back to the drawing board
Backroom boy
Backward in coming forward
Bacon Bring home the
Bad books
Bad egg
Bad hair day
Badger to death
Bag and baggage
Baker's dozen
Balance of power
Balance of trade
Bald as a coot
Bale out/bail out
Ball and chain
Bandy words
Bane of your life
Bang on about
Baptism of fire
Barge pole Wouldn't touch with a
Barking mad
Barking up the wrong tree
Barrel of laughs
Basket case
Bated breath
Bats in the belfry
Batten down the hatches
Battle royal
Be afraid, be very afraid
Be enthralled
Be still, my beating heart
Beam ends On your
Bean counter
Beast with two backs
Beat a hasty retreat
Beat around the bush
Beat swords into ploughshares
Beat the living daylights out of someone
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder
Beauty is only skin deep
Beck and call
Bed of roses
Bee in your bonnet
Beef and reef
Beelzebub has a devil for a sideboard
Been there, done that
Beer and skittles
Beer goggles
Bee line make a bee line for
Bee's knees
Beetle browed
Before the fact
Before you can say Jack Robinson
Beg the question
Beggar belief
Beggars can't be choosers
Behind every great man there's a great woman
Behind the eight ball
Bell, book and candle
Bell the cat
Belle of the ball
Below the belt
Below the salt
Bells and whistles
Belt and braces
Belt up
Best bib and tucker
Best laid schemes of mice and men
Bet your bottom dollar
Better half
Better late than never
Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
Between a rock and a hard place
Between the Devil and the deep blue sea
Between two stools
Between you, me and the bed post
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts
Beware the Ides of March
Beyond a shadow of a doubt
Beyond belief
Beyond our ken
Beyond the pale
Biblical phrases
Big Apple
Big cheese
Big Easy
Big fish in a small pond
Big wig
(A) bigger bang for your buck
Bill Stickers is innocent
Billy o Like
Billy no mates
Binge drinking
Bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
Birds and the bees
Birds of a feather flock together
Bite the bullet
Bite the dust
Bitter end
Black as Newgate's knocker
Black on black
Black sheep of the family
Blast from the past
Blaze a trail
Bless you
Blind leading the blind
Blind man's buff
Bling bling
Blonde bombshell
Blood and thunder
Blood is thicker than water
Blood toil tears and sweat
Blood, sweat and tears
Bloody minded
Blot on the landscape
Blow a raspberry see raspberry tart
Blow your mind
Blow your own trumpet
Blown to smithereens
Blue blood
Blue moon
Blue plate special
Bob's your uncle
Bode well
Bodice ripper
Body surfing
Bog standard
Bold as brass
Bolt from the blue
Bone dry
Bone idle
Bone up on
Booby prize
Booby trap
Boogie woogie
Too big for your boots
Booze cruise
Born again
Born with a silver spoon in one's mouth
Born within the sound of Bow Bells
Boss eyed
Bottle out
Bottom drawer
Bottom up
Bought the farm
Bowled a maiden over
Box and Cox
Box seat in the
Boxing Day
Brand spanking new
Brass monkey weather
Brass tacks get down to
Bread always falls buttered side down
Bread of life
Break a leg
Break the ice
Bricks and clicks
Bring home the bacon
Broad in the beam
Broke if it ain't, don't fix it
Brook no truck with
Bronx cheer
Brown as a berry
Browned off
Brownie points
Brummagem screwdriver
Brush As daft as a
Bubble and squeak
Buck stops here
Bucket list
Buckle down
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door
Bugger Bognor 
Buggins' turn
Bullet Bit the, Bite the
Bums on seats
Bun in the oven
Bunch of fives
Bunny boiler
Burn the candle at both ends
Burning the midnight oil
Bury the hatchet
Bury your head in the sand
Busy as a bee
Butt end of the stick
Butter no parsnips Fine words
Butter side down
Butter wouldn't melt in his mouth
Butterfingers
By and large
By dint of
By gum
By hook or by crook
By the board
By the book
By the short hairs
By the skin of your teeth
By your leave
Bygones be bygones Let
Caesar Salad
Call a spade a spade
Call of the wild
Camera cannot lie
Can't be overestimated/can't be underestimated
Can't hold a candle to
Canteen culture
Canterbury pace
Carbon copy
Carbon footprint
Card sharp
Carey Street On
Carpe diem
Carry coals to Newcastle
Cart before the horse Put the
Carte blanche
Cash on the nail
(Ne'er) cast a clout till May be out
Cast the first stone
Cat burglar
Cat got your tongue?
Cat may look at a king
Cat out of the bag Let the
Catbird seat In the
Catch 22
Cat's Cradle
Cat's pajamas
Caught in a cleft stick
Caught by the short hairs
Caught red handed
Chain is only as strong as its weakest link
Chaise lounge
Chalk and cheese
Champ at the bit
Chance would be a fine thing
Channel surfing
Charity begins at home
Charley horse
Charm offensive
Charmed life
Cheap at half the price
Cheek by jowl
Cherchez la femme
Chew the cud
Chick flick
Chickens come home to roost
Children should be seen and not heard
Chinese whispers
Chinless wonder
Chip off the old block
Chip on your shoulder
Chit chat
Chock a block
Chop and change
Chop chop
Chow down
Christmas box
Christmas card verses
Clean breast make a
Clear blue water
Cleft stick In a
Cliff hanger
Climb on the bandwagon
Cloak and dagger
Clod hopper
Clog up
Close, but no cigar
Close quarters
Close your eyes and think of England
Cloud cuckoo land
Cloud nine
Club sandwich
Clue don't have a
Clutch at straws
Coals to Newcastle Carry
Coat of many colours
Cobblers A load of
Cock a hoop
Cock sure
Cock a snook
Cock and bull story
Cock up
Cockney rhyming slang
Codswallop a load of
Cogito ergo sum
Coin a phrase
Cold as any stone
Cold comfort
Cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey
Cold feet
Cold shoulder
Cold turkey
Colder than a witch's tit
Collywobbles
Colour up
Come a cropper
Come clean
Come on down
Come up trumps
Come what come may
Comes to the crunch (When it)
(Coming in) on a wing and a prayer
Common sense
Comparisons are odious
Compassion fatigue
Complete shambles
Concrete overcoat
Cook the books
Cookie cutter
Cool as a cucumber
Cool Britannia
Cop an attitude
Copper bottomed
Cor blimey
Cordon bleu
Cost an arm and a leg
Cotton on to
Cotton picking
Count your chickens before they are hatched
Countenance more in sorrow than in anger
Counting sheep
Country bumpkin
Course of true love never did run smooth
Crack of doom
Crackpot
Crapper
Crocodile tears
Crop up
Crown jewels
Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war
Curate's egg
Curiosity killed the cat
Curry favour
Customer is always right
Cut and run
Cut of your jib
Cut off without a penny
Cut off your nose to spite your face
Cut the mustard
Cut to the chase
Cute as a bug's ear
Daft as a brush
Damp squib
Dance attendance on
Daniel come to judgement
Darby and Joan
Dark horse
Darkest hour
Darkest hour is just before the dawn
Dark side
Darling buds of May
Dash to pieces
Date rape
Davy Jones' locker
Daylight robbery
Dead as a dodo
Dead as a doornail
Dead cat bounce
Dead in the water
Dead ringer
Delusions of grandeur
Derring do
Designer stubble
Deus ex machina
Devil and the deep blue sea
Devil Incarnate
Devil take the hindmost
Devil to pay
Devil's advocate
Diamond in the rough
Diamond is forever
Dicky bird Not a
Die hard
Die has been cast
 different as chalk and cheese
Different kettle of fish
Differently abled
Dirt bag
Dish fit for the gods
Do unto others as you would have them do to you
Dock your pay
Doesn't know shit from Shinola
Doff your hat
Dog days
Dog in the manger
(A) Dog is a man's best friend
Dog's bollocks
Dog's breakfast
Dog's dinner
Doldrums in the
Dollars to doughnuts
Done a runner
Done to a turn
Donkey's years
Don't call us, we'll call you
Don't change horses in midstream
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched
Don't die like I did
Don't go there
Don't have a clue
Don't keep a dog and bark yourself
Don't know shit from Shinola
Don't let the bastards grind you down
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth
Don't shut the stable door after the horse has bolted
Don't throw good money after bad
Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater
Don't try to teach your Grandma to suck eggs
Doom and gloom
Double cross
Double, double toil and trouble, fire burn, and cauldron bubble
Double Dutch
Double entendre
Double whammy
Down at heel
Down in the dumps
Down to the wire
Down the pan
Down the tubes
Drag race
Dragged through a hedge backwards
Draw a blank
Draw your horns in
Dreams of empire
Dressed to the nines
Drink like a fish
Driving while black
Drop dead gorgeous
Drop in the bucket
Dropping like flies
Drummed out of the army
Ducks and drakes
Dumb blonde
Dust up
Dutch My old
Dutch courage
Duvet day
Ear candy
Early bird catches the worm
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise
Ear mark
Easy as pie
Eat drink and be merry
Eat humble pie
Eat my hat
Eaten out of house and home
Economical with the truth
Eeny, meeny, miny, mo
Egg on
Eighty six
Elbow grease
Elementary my dear Watson
Elephant in the room
Emperor's new clothes
End of story
Ends of the earth
Enough is as good as a feast
Enough is enough
Englishman's home is his castle
Eponymous Phrases
Et tu, Brute
Ethnic cleansing
Euphemisms
Even at the turning of the tide
Every cloud has a silver lining
Everybody out
Exceedingly well read
Exception that proves the rule
Excuse me while I kiss this guy
Excuse my French
Extraordinary rendition
Eye candy see ear candy
(An) eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth
Eye of newt and toe of frog, wool of bat and tongue of dog
Face that launched a thousand ships
Face the music
Faff about
Fag end
Failing to plan is planning to fail
Faint hearted
Fair and square
Fair dinkum
Fair exchange is no robbery
Fair play
Fair to middling
Fairy tale ending
Fait accompli
Faith will move mountains
Fall from grace
Fall guy
Fall off the back of a lorry
Fall on your sword
Famous for fifteen minutes
Famous last words (dying statements of famous people a list)
Famous last words (the ironic phrase)
Fancy free
Fancy pants
Fanny Adams Sweet
Far be it from me
Far from the madding crowd
Farmers
Fashion victim
The word fast, and phrases that derive from it.
Fast and loose
Fast asleep
Fathom out
The fat of the land
Fate worse than death
Feather in one's cap
Fed up
Feeding frenzy
It fell off the back of a truck
Fell swoop At one
Fellow traveller
Female of the species is more deadly then the male
Fend for yourself
Fend off
Fiddlesticks
Fiddling while Rome burns
Fie, foh, fum, I smell the blood of an Englishman
Field day
Fifteen minutes of fame
Fifth column
Fight fire with fire
Fight the good fight
Filthy rich
Finagle's Law
Fine as frog's hair
Fine words butter no parsnips
Finger lickin good
Fingers and thumbs
First dibs
First water
First World
Fish rot from the head down
Fish or cut bait
Fish out of water
As fit as a butcher's dog
Fit as a fiddle
Fifth column
Fifth estate
Fits and starts
Fits to a tee
Five o'clock shadow
Fixer upper
Flash in the pan
Flat out
Flavor of the month
Flesh and blood
Flogging a dead horse
Floozie in the jacuzzi
Flotsam and jetsam
Fly by the seat of one's pants
Fly in the ointment
Fly off the handle
Fly on the wall
Foam at the mouth
Fobbed off
Folk Etymology The Nonsense Nine
Fool and his money are soon parted
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread
Fool's errand
Fool's gold
Fool's paradise
Foot in the door
Foot of our stairs
For all intents and purposes
For crying out loud
For ever and a day
For every thing there is a season
For good measure
For keeps
For the birds
For whom the bell tolls
Forbidden fruit
Foregone conclusion
Forewarned is forearmed
Forgive them for they know not what they do
Forlorn hope
Foul play
Four by two
Four corners of the earth
Frailty, thy name is woman
Freeze the balls off a brass monkey cold enough to
Freezing temperatures
French phrases
Friday afternoon car
Friend in need is a friend indeed
Friends, Romans, Countrymen, lend me your ears
Frog in the throat
Frog's hair as fine as
From pillar to post
From sea to shining sea
From strength to strength
Fruits of your loins
Fuddy duddy
Full Monty
Full of piss and vinegar
Full tilt
Full to the gunwales
Funny farm
Fuzzy wuzzy
Gad zooks (or gadzooks)
Game is afoot
Game is up
Game of two halves
Gee whiz
Generation X
Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration
Get a word in edgeways
Get down to brass tacks
Get medieval
Get off on the wrong foot
Get off your high horse
Get on my wick
Get one's dander up
Get over it
Get the pip
Get the sack
Get the upper hand
Get thee behind me Satan
Get underway
Get used to it
Get your dander up
Get your goat
Giddy aunt
Giddy goat
Gild the lily
Gilt off the gingerbread
Ginned up
Ginger
Ginger up
Give a man a fish and you will feed him for a day
Give a wide berth
Give no quarter
Give the Devil his due
Give up the ghost
Giving me gyp
Glass ceiling
Gloom and doom
Go and boil your head
Go berserk
Go by the board
Go by the book
Go Dolally
Go faster
Go for a burton
Go haywire
Go like the clappers
Go off half cocked
Go out on a limb
Go postal
Go over like a lead balloon
Go pound sand
Go the whole hog
Go to hell in a handbasket
Go to pot
Go to the dogs
Go to the foot of our stairs
Go to the mattresses
Go the whole hog
God bless you
God is dead
God rot them
Godfrey Daniel
Going for a burton
Golden key can open any door
GOLF Gentlemen only, ladies forbidden
Gone for a burton
Good as gold
Good in parts
Good man is hard to find
Good measure For
Good men and true
Good money after bad
Good riddance
Good Samaritan
Good things come to those that wait
Goodnight Vienna
Goody, goody gumdrops
Goody two shoes
Gordon Bennett
Got my mojo working
Grace of God There but for ...
(Take with a) grain of salt
Grand slam
Grandfather clock
Granny dumping
Grasp the nettle
Grass up
Graveyard shift
Greased lightning
Great balls of fire
Great minds think alike
Great unwashed
Green eyed monster
Gregory Peck
Gridlock
Grind to a halt
Grinning like a Cheshire cat
Grist to the mill
Gry Words ending in
Guinea pig
Gung ho
Gussied up
Guts for garters
Hair of the dog that bit you
Hairy eyeball
Halcyon days
Half a loaf is better than no bread
Half cocked
Half hearted
Half inch
Hand over fist
Handbags at ten paces
Handle with kid gloves
Hands down
Hanged, drawn and quartered
Hanky panky
Happy as a clam
Happy as a sandboy
Happy as Larry
Happy clappy
Happy slapping
Harbinger of doom
Hard and fast
Hard cases make bad law
Hard cheese
Hard hearted
Hard lines
Hard man is good to find
Hark, hark the lark at heaven's gate sings
Harp on
Harvest moon
Has the cat got your tongue?
Hasta la vista, baby
Haste makes waste
Hat trick
Have a Captain Cook
Have a dekko
Have an axe to grind
Have an inkling
Have no truck with
Haven't got a clue
Have your guts for garters
He who can, does; he who cannot, teaches
He who laughs last laughs longest
He will give the Devil his due
Head over heels
Heads up
Heads will roll
Hear hear
Heard it through the grapevine
Heart's content
Heavens to Betsy
Heavens to Murgatroyd
Heavy metal
Heebie jeebies
Hedge your bets
(Go to) Hell in a handbasket
Hell has no fury like a woman scorned
Hell or high water
Hell's bells
Helter skelter
Hem and haw
Here lies one whose name is writ in water
Het up
Hiding to nothing On a
Higgledy piggledy
High and dry
High and mighty
High as a kite
High five
High flyer
High horse get off your
High on the hog
High time
High, wide and handsome
Hissy fit
History is bunk
Hit for six
Hit the ground running
Hit the hay
Hit the nail on the head
Hither and yon
Hobson's choice
Hobby horse
Hocus pocus
Hoi polloi
Hoist with your own petard
Hoity toity
(Can't) hold a candle to
Hold your horses
Homonyms
Honesty is the best policy
Honey catches more flies than vinegar
Hooray Henry
Horse and cart
Horse feathers
Horse sense
Horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse
Horse's mouth straight from the
Hot blooded
Hot off the press
Hot on the heels
House divided against itself cannot stand
Household words
Houston, we have a problem
How are the mighty fallen?
How do you do?
How now brown cow?
How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless child
Hugger mugger
Hung, drawn and quartered
Hunky dory
Hunt and peck
Hush puppies
I bear a charmed life
I have not slept one wink
I have nothing to declare but my genius
I have nothing to offer but blood toil tears and sweat
I haven't got a clue
I see you stand like greyhounds in the slips
I spy with my little eye
I told you is was ill
I will swing for you
I will wear my heart upon my sleeve
Identity theft
Idioms quiz
(Beware the) Ides of March
If I had my druthers
If it ain't broke, don't fix it
If music be the food of love, play on
If the cap fits
If the mountain will not come to Muhammad, then Muhammad must go to the mountain
If the shoe fits
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen
If you think that, you have another think coming
Ill wind
I'll be there with bells on
I'll go to the foot of our stairs
I'll have your guts for garters
I'm stumped
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery
In a cleft stick
In a pickle
In a pig's eye
In a quandary
In a nutshell
In a trice
In an interesting condition
In for a penny, in for a pound
In like Flynn
In limbo
In my minds eye
In someone's bad book
In spades
In stitches
In the bag
In the box seat
In the buff
In the cart
In the catbird seat
In the club
In the doghouse
In the doldrums
In the limelight
In the nick of time
In the pink
In the red
In the same boat
In your face
Including, but not limited to
Indian giver
Indian summer
Infra dig
Innocent until proven guilty
Inside out
For all intents and purposes
Iron hoof
Is the Pope Catholic?
Is the Pope Polish?
Is this a dagger which I see before me?
It ain't over till the fat lady sings
It came like a bolt from the blue
It is meat and drink to me
It never rains but it pours
It's all Greek to me
It's all grist to the mill
It's better to give than to receive
It's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
It's better to light a candle than curse the darkness
It's not rocket science
It's that man again
Ivory tower
Jack in the box
Jack of all trades, master of none
Jack Palancing
Jack phrases that include the name Jack
Jack Robinson Before you can say
Jack tar
Jack the lad
Jam tomorrow
Jerry built
Jet black
Jimmy Horner
Jimmy Riddle
Jobs for the boys
Join the colours
Joined at the hip
Johnny on the spot
Jot or tittle
Jump on the bandwagon
Jump the gun
Jump the shark
Jury is still out
Just deserts
Just in time
Kangaroo court
Katy bar the door
Keel over
Keep a wide berth
Keen as mustard
Keep body and soul together
Keep schtum
Keep a stiff upper lip
Keep at bay
Keep it under your hat
Keep the ball rolling
Keep up with the Joneses
Keep your chin up
Keep your distance
Keep your hands clean
Keep your nose clean
Keep your nose to the grindstone
Keep your pecker up
Keep your powder dry
Keeping up with the Joneses
Keepy uppy
Kettle of fish
Khyber pass
Kick the bucket
Kick your heels
Kickin' Alive and
Kilroy was here
King James' Version of the Bible
Kiss and tell
Kiss me Hardy
(The whole) kit and caboodle
Kith and kin
Knee jerk reaction
Knick knack
Knight in shining armour
Knock back
Knock into a cocked hat
Knock off
Knock on wood
Know the ropes
Know your onions
Know which side your bread is buttered
Know which way the wind blows
Knuckle down
Knuckle under
Kowtow to
La di da
La dolce vita
Labour of love
Lackadaisical
Ladies' room
Lager frenzy
Laid out in lavender
La la land
Lamb to the slaughter
Lame duck
Land of nod
Lardy dardy
Lark about
Last but not least
Last straw
Latin Phrases
Laugh like a drain
Laughing stock
Laurels rest on one's
The law is an ass
Lay it on with a trowel
Lead balloon Go over like a
Lead pipe cinch
Learn the ropes
Left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing
Left in the lurch
Legend in one's own lifetime
Leopard cannot change its spots
Less is more
Let a thousand flowers bloom
Let bygones be bygones
Let not poor Nelly starve
Let not the sun go down on your wrath
Let or hindrance
Let sleeping dogs lie
Let the cat out of the bag
Let them eat cake
Let there be light
Let your hair down
Let's roll
Level playing field
Lick and a promise
Lick into shape
Lickety split
Lie low
Lies, damned lies and statistics
Life begins at forty
Life of Riley
Life's not all beer and skittles
Life's too short
Like a chicken with its head cut off
Like a moth to a flame
Like being savaged by a dead sheep
Like billy o
Like it or lump it
Like the clappers
Like the Dickens
Like two peas in a pod
Like turkeys voting for Christmas
Lily livered
Little bird told me
Little knowledge is a dangerous thing
Little of what you fancy does you good
Little pitchers have big ears
Lions led by donkeys
Live long and prosper
Living daylights
Living off the fat of the land
Living on borrowed time
Lo and behold
Load of cobblers
Load of codswallop
Loaf of bread
Local derby
Lock stock and barrel
Long in the tooth
Look before you leap
Loose cannon
Loose lips sink ships
Lose face
Lose your marbles
Love is blind
Love that dare not speak its name
Loved up
Lunatic fringe
Mad as a hatter
Mad as a March hare
Magical realism
Main chance
Make a bee line for
Make a clean breast of it
Make a pig's ear of
Make a virtue of necessity
Make haste
Make hay while the sun shines
Make him an offer he can't refuse
Make my day
Make no bones about
Make your hair stand on end
Mal de mer
Man after my own heart
Man does not live by bread alone
Man who is his own lawyer has a fool for a client
A dog is a man's best friend
Man's inhumanity to man
Many a little makes a mickle
Many are called but few are chosen
Many happy returns
Many a true word is spoken in jest
'March' phrases
Mare's nest
Marital aid
Market forces
Marry in haste, repent at leisure
May you live in interesting times
Mea culpa
Meat and drink
Meat and two veg.
Meet your Waterloo
Men in suits
Mend fences
Menage A trois
Men's evil manners live in brass; their virtues we write in water
Merry Christmas
Method in my madness
Mexican wave
Mickey Finn
Middle for diddle
Middle of the road
Might and main
The pen is mightier than the sword
Mighty oaks from little acorns grow
Milk of human kindness
Minced oaths
Minced words
Mind your Ps and Qs
Mind's ear
Mind's eye
Ministering angel shall my sister be
Mint condition
Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows
Misquotes
Miss is as good as a mile
Moaning Minnie
Mondegreens
Montezuma's Revenge
'Money' phrases
Money for old rope
Monstrous regiment of women
Monty The full
Moot point
Morbid obesity
More bang for your buck
More fool you
More haste, less speed
More honoured in the breach than in the observance
More light 
Morning person
Mother country
Motley crew
Mouth watering
Movable feast
Movers and shakers
Moving finger writes
Moving the goalposts
Much Ado about Nothing
Much of a muchness
Mud your name is
Mull (something) over
Multitude of sins
Mumbo jumbo
Mum's the word
Murphy's Law
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast
Mutt's nuts
Mutt and Jeff
Mutton dressed as lamb
My bad
My better half
My cup of tea
My cup runneth over
My giddy aunt
My husband and I
My mind's eye
My old china
My old Dutch
My salad days
My stars and garters
My way or the highway
Nail your colours to the mast
Namby pamby
Name and shame
Name is mud
Nasty, brutish and short
Nation of shopkeepers
Nautical phrases
Near the knuckle
Necessity is the mother of invention
Ne'er cast a clout till May be out
Ne'er do well
Needs must
Neither a borrower nor a lender be
Neither fish nor flesh, nor good red herring
Neither here nor there
Nest egg
Nest of vipers
Never give a sucker an even break
Never knowingly undersold
Never look a gift horse in the mouth
Never never land
Never the twain shall meet
New kid on the block
Nice as ninepence
Nice kettle of fish
(In the) nick of time
Night owl
Nine days' wonder
Nip and tuck
Nip in the bud
Nitty gritty
No brainer
No dice
No holds barred
No laughing matter
No man is an island
No more cakes and ale?
No names: no pack drill
No quarter given
No rest for the wicked
No room to swing a cat
No truck with
No way, Jose
Nod is as good as a wink
Nod The land of
Norange
Nosy parker
Not a dicky bird
Not by a long chalk
Not my cup of tea
Not for all the tea in China
Not playing with a full deck
Not rocket science
Not tonight Josephine
Not worth a plugged nickel
Not worth the candle
Nothing is certain but death and taxes
Nothing succeeds like success
Nothing ventured, nothing gained
Now is the winter of our discontent
Nth degree
Nul points
Nutshell In a
O Romeo, Romeo wherefore art thou Romeo?
O ye, of little faith
Odds bodkins
Off his own bat
Off the record
Off with his head
Offing In the
Oh, my stars and garters
Oh, they have slain the Earl of Moray and Lady Mondegreen
Okay
Okey dokey
Old as Methuselah
Old as the hills
Old chestnut
Old codger
Old hat
Old lang syne see auld lang syne
On a hiding to nothing
On a wing and a prayer
On Carey Street
On cloud nine
On queer street
On tenterhooks
On the ball
On the bubble
On the button
On the dole
On the fiddle
On the pig's back
On the QT
On the shoulders of giants
On the side of the angels
On the wagon
On the warpath
On with the motley
On your beam ends
On your tod
Once in a blue moon
Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more
One hit wonder
One fell swoop At
One for the road
One foot in the grave
One good turn deserves another
One over the eight
One sandwich short of a picnic
One small step for man
One stop shop
One swallow doesn't make a summer
One's heart's content
Oops a daisy
Open season
The order of the boot
Ough the many ways to pronounce
Out of sight
Out of sight, out of mind
Out of sorts
Out of the jaws of death
Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings
Out on a limb
Over a barrel
Over egg the pudding
Over the moon
Over the top
Overpaid, oversexed, and over here
Oxo cube
Ps and Qs Mind your
Packed to the gunwales
Paddle your own canoe
Paint the town red
Panic stations
Paper tiger
Parting shot / Parthian shot
Pass over to the other side
Pass the buck
Paying guest
P.D.Q. pretty damn quick
Pearls before swine
Pears for your heirs
Peeping Tom
Peg out
Pell mell
The pen is mightier than the sword
Pennies from heaven
Penny dreadful
The penny drops
Penny pinching
Penny for your thoughts
Penny saved is a penny earned
Penny wise and pound foolish
Pester power
Peter out
Petty cash
Phrases and sayings quiz
Phrases that people get wrong
Physician heal thyself
Pick 'n' mix
Picture is worth a thousand words
Picture perfect
Pie as easy as
Pie in the sky
Piece of cake
Piece of piss
Piece of the action
Pig in a poke
Pigeon chested
Pig's back on the
Pig's ear
(In a) pig's eye
Pig and whistle
Piggyback
Pigs might fly
Pin money
(Take with a) pinch of salt
Pip Get the/got the /have the
Pipe down
Pipe dream
Piping hot
Piss and vinegar Full of
Pitch black
Pitch dark
Place for everything and everything in its place
Plague on both your houses
Plain sailing
Plates of meat
Play by ear
Play Devil's advocate
Play ducks and drakes
Play fast and loose
Play gooseberry
Play it again Sam
Play second fiddle
Play silly buggers
Play the giddy goat
Play the race card
Pleased as Punch
Plug ugly
Plugged nickel
Poetic justice
Point and click
Point Percy at the porcelain
Politically correct
Point blank
Point to point
Pommy bashing
Pomp and circumstance
Pond life
Pony and trap
Pony up
Pop goes the weasel
Pop your clogs
Popular fallacies The Nonsense Nine
Pork pies
POSH Port out, starboard home
Pot calling the kettle black
Take potluck
Pound of flesh
Pour oil on troubled waters
Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely
Power dressing
Powers that be
Praying at the porcelain altar
Preaching to the choir
Preposterous
Press into service
Pretty kettle of fish
Pretty penny
Prick up your ears
Pride comes before a fall
Prime time
Primrose path
Procrastination is the thief of time
Proof of the pudding is in the eating
Proverbs A list of
Pull in your horns
Pull out all the stops
Pull the other one, it's got bells on
Pull the wool over your eyes
Pull up stakes
Pull your horns in
Pull your finger out
Pull yourself up by your bootstraps
Pulling one's leg
Punch above one's weight
Pure as the driven snow
Purple patch
Push the boat out
Push the envelope
Put a damper on
Put a sock in it
Put a spanner in the works
Put on the wooden overcoat
Put on your thinking cap
Put paid to
Put the cart before the horse
Put the mockers on
Put the wood in the hole
Put up your dukes
Put your back up
Put your best foot forward
Put your nose out of joint
Pyrric victory
Quality time
Quantum leap
Quarter Give no
Queer as a nine bob note
Queer Street
Queer the pitch
Quick and the dead
Quicker than lager turns to piss
Quid pro quo
Quotations
Rabbit and pork
Rack and ruin
Rag and bone man
Rack your brains
Rag, tag and bobtail
Raining cats and dogs
Raining stair rods
Raise Cain
Rank and file
Raspberry tart
Raze to the ground
Rat arsed
Read between the lines
Read the riot act
Real McCoy
Red handed (caught)
Red herring
Red in tooth and claw
Red letter day
Red rag to a bull
Red sky at night ...
Red tape
Reduplicated phrases
Religion is the opium of the people
Rest on his laurels
Revenge is a dish best served cold
Rhyme nor reason
Rhyming slang
Richard of York gave battle in vain
Richard the Third
Riddle wrapped up in an enigma
Ride a cock horse to Banbury Cross
Riding shotgun
Riff raff
Riley the life of
[That] Rings a bell
Ring a ring o'roses, a pocketful of posies, atishoo, atishoo, all fall down
Ring down the curtain
Ring fencing
Ring the changes
Rinky dink
Rise and shine
Road less travelled
Road apples
Road rage
Roasted to a turn
Rob Peter to pay Paul
Rock and roll
It's not rocket science
A rolling stone gathers no moss
Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
Rose by any other name would smell as sweet
Rose is a rose is a rose
Rosie Lea
Rough diamond
Round Robin
Route one
Rub of the green
Rule of thumb
Rum do
Rumpy pumpy
Run a mile
Run amok
Run of the mill
Run out of steam
Run rings around
Run the gauntlet
Sacred cow
Safe as houses As
Safe pair of hands
Safe sex
Salad days
Salt of the earth
San fairy Ann
Sandwich short of a picnic
Save face
Save one's bacon
Saved by the bell
Savoir faire
Say cheese
Say goodnight Gracie
Scapegoat
Scarper
Scot free
Scott (Sir Walter phrases coined by)
Screw your courage to the sticking place
'Scuse me while I kiss this guy
Sea change
Sealed with a loving kiss
Season of mists and mellow fruitfulness
Second guess
Security blanket
See a pin and pick it up, all the day you'll have good luck; see a pin and let it lie, bad luck you'll have all day
See red
Seek and you shall find
Seen better days
Send packing
Senior citizen
Sent to Coventry
Separate the sheep from the goats
Set one's cap at
Set your teeth on edge
Sex and shopping
Seven year itch
Sexton Blake
Shebang The whole
Shaggy dog story
Shake a leg
Shakers and movers
Shakespeare (phrases and sayings of)
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
Shambles
Shanks' mare/shanks' pony
Share and share alike
Shilly shally
Ship shape and Bristol fashion
Shit end of the stick
Shit for brains
Shiver my timbers
Shoddy
Short end of the stick
Shot across the bows
Shot heard 'round the world
Shot in the arm
Shot in the dark
Shoot through
Short shrift
Show a leg see shake a leg
Show your mettle
Shrinking violet
Shuffle off this mortal coil
Shut your cake hole
Siamese twins
Sick puppy 
Sight for sore eyes 
Silly Billy
Silly season
Silver lining every cloud has a
Sir Walter Scott (phrases coined by)
Silence is golden
Silver bullet
Similes
Sitting pretty
Sixes and sevens At
Skeleton in the closet
Skid row
Skin and blister
(By the) skin of your teeth
The sky's the limit
Sledgehammer to crack a nut
Sleep like a top
Sleep on a clothesline
Sleep tight
Sleeveless errand
Sloane Ranger
Slush fund
Smallest room in the house
Smart casual
Smoke and mirrors
Snug as a bug in a rug
So sue me
Soap dodger
Sod's Law
Sold down the river
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon 'em
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men, have mediocrity thrust upon them
Someone is walking over my grave
Something for the weekend sir?
Something nasty in the woodshed
Something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue
Son of a bitch
Son of a gun
Sorry sight
Sound bite
Sound out
Sour grapes
Space, the final frontier
Spare the rod and spoil the child
Speak of the Devil
Speak softly and carry a big stick
Special relationship
Spelling bee
Spend a penny
Spick and span
Spill the beans
Spin doctor
Spitting feathers
Spitting image
Spoonerisms
Spring forward, fall back
Spruce up
Square meal
Squeaky bum time
Stand and deliver
Stand up guy
Standing on the shoulders of giants
Star crossed lovers
Stark, raving mad
Stars and garters My
Start from scratch
Steal a march
Steal my thunder
Step up to the plate
Stick in the mud
Sticks and stones may break my bones
Sticky wicket
Stiff upper lip
Stiffen the sinews
Stinking rich
Stitch in time saves nine
Stone the crows
Stone's throw
Stony hearted
Stool pigeon
Storm in a teacup
Straight as a die
Straight from the horse's mouth
Strain at the leash
Strait laced
Strait and narrow
Stranger danger
Stranger than fiction Truth is
Strike while the iron is hot
Stuff and nonsense
Stump up
Such is life
Surf and turf
Surfing the Net/surfing the Internet/surfing the Web
Survival of the fittest
Suspension of disbelief
Swan song
Sweet Fanny Adams
Swing for you
Swing the lead
Tail wagging the dog
Take a back seat
Take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves
Take down a peg or two
Take potluck
Take the bit between your teeth
Take the cake
Take the gilt off the gingerbread
Take the Mickey
Take the upper hand
Take umbrage
Take with a grain of salt
Taken aback
Taken for a ride
Talk of the Devil
Talk the talk
Talk through one's hat
Talk to the hand
Tall story
Tanstaafl (there's no such thing as a free lunch)
Tattoo phrases and sayings
Tawdry
Tea leaf
Technicolor yawn
Tell it to the marines
Tell me about it
Tempest in a teapot
Test your mettle see show your mettle
That's all folks 
That's all she wrote
That's one small step for a man, a giant leap for mankind
The ants are my friends, they're blowing in the wind
The apple never falls far from the tree
The apple of my eye
The back of beyond
The balance of power
The balance of trade
The bane of my life
The bee's knees
The belle of the ball
The best laid schemes of mice and men
The Big Apple
The Big Easy
The birds and the bees
The bitter end
The blind leading the blind
The bread of life
The buck stops here
The call of the wild
The camera cannot lie
The chickens come home to roost
The collywobbles
The course of true love never did run smooth
The crack of doom
The Crapper
The customer is always right
The cut of your jib
The dark side
The darkest hour is just before the dawn
The Devil has all the best tunes
The Devil Incarnate
The Devil is in the details
The Devil makes work for idle hands to do
The Devil take the hindmost
The Devil to pay
The die has been cast
The early bird catches the worm
The elephant in the room
The emperor's new clothes
The ends of the earth
The exception which proves the rule
The face that launched a thousand ships
The fat of the land
The female of the species is more deadly then the male
The fifth estate
The floozie in the jacuzzi
The fly in the ointment
The full monty
The game is afoot
The game is up
The great unwashed
The hair of the dog that bit you
The hairy eyeball
The heebie jeebies
The jury is still out
The land of nod
The last straw
The law is an ass
The life of Riley
The living daylights
The love that dare not speak its name
The monstrous regiment of women
The more the merrier
The moving finger writes
The mutt's nuts
The nth degree
The opera ain't over till the fat lady sings
The pen is mightier than the sword
The pip Get/got/have
The pot calling the kettle black
The powers that be
The proof of the pudding is in the eating
The quick and the dead
The real McCoy
The road less travelled
The road to hell is paved with good intentions
The salt of the earth
The seven year itch
The shoemaker always wears the worst shoes
The short end of the stick
The shot heard 'round the world
The sky's the limit
The smallest room in the house
The straw that broke the camel's back
The tail wagging the dog
The toast of the town
The third degree
The triumph of hope over experience
The upper hand
The usual suspects
The whole kit and caboodle
The whole nine yards
The whole shebang
The writing is on the wall
The wrong side of the blanket
The year dot
The Yellow Peril
There is more than one way to kill a cat
There are three kinds of lies...
There but for the grace of God, go I
There is no alternative
There's an R in the month
There's method in my madness
There's no fool like an old fool
There's no such thing as a free lunch
There's no such thing as bad publicity
There's one (a sucker) born every minute
They couldn't hit an elephant at this distance
Thick and fast
Thick and thin
Thick as thieves
Thick as two short planks
Thin air Vanish into
Thing of beauty is a joy forever
Things that go bump in the night
Think outside the box
Thinking cap
Third degree
Third time lucky
Thomas Paine The writings of
Thorn in the flesh
Thou shalt not kill
Though this be madness, yet there is method in it
Three score and ten
Three sheets to the wind
Three strikes and you are out
Through thick and thin
Throw in the towel
Throw good money after bad
Throw your hat into the ring
Thumbs up
Thus far into the bowels of the land
Ticked off
Tickle the ivories
Tickled pink
Tide over
Tie the knot
Till the cows come home
Time and tide wait for no man
Tinker's damn
Tilting at windmills
Tissue of lies
Titfer
Tit for tat
Tits up
To a T
To all intents and purposes
To be or not to be, that is the question
To beggar belief
To boldly go where no man has gone before
To boot
To cast the first stone
To err is human; to forgive divine
To gild refined gold, to paint the lily
To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub
To the manner born
To the nth degree
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive
Toast of the town
Toe the line
Toe curling
Toffee nosed
Tommy Atkins
Tomorrow is another day
Tongue in cheek
Too big for your breeches
Too much of a good thing
Toodle oo
Tooth and nail
Top dog
Top drawer
Top notch
Topsy turvy
Total shambles
Touch and go
Touch with a barge pole Wouldn't
Touch wood
Touchy feely
Tout de suite
Tower of strength
Train surfing
Trick or treat
Trip the light fantastic
Trouble and strife
True blue
Truth is stranger than fiction
Truth will out
Tuckered out
Turkeys voting for Christmas
Turn a blind eye
Turn of phrase
Turn the tables
Turn up for the books
Turn up trumps
Twelve good men and true
Twenty three skidoo
Twenty four seven
Two cents worth
Two heads are better than one
Two peas in a pod
Under the thumb
Under your hat Keep it
Under the auspices of
Get underway
Under wraps
Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown
Union Jack
The great unwashed
The unkindest cut of all
Up a blind alley
Up a gum tree
Up in arms
Up the creek without a paddle
Up the apples and pears
Up the duff
Up the pole
Up the wooden hill to Bedfordshir
Up to snuff
Upper crust
Upper hand
Up in arms
Ups a daisy
Upset the apple cart
Up the ante
Upside down
Urban myth
Use your loaf
Usual suspects
Using a sledgehammer to crack a nut
Valentine's Day Poems and Sayings
Van surfing
Vanish into thin air
Veg out
Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things
Vice versa
Vicious circle
Vis a vis
Visit the ladies' room
Vorsprung Durch Technik
Walk free
Walk the walk
Walk the plank
Walter Scott (phrases coined by)
Warts and all
Watch the birdie
(A) watched pot never boils
Watching brief
Wave a red rag to a bull
Wax lyrical
Wax poetic
We are a grandmother
We are not amused
We few, we happy few, we band of brothers
We have seen better days
We know where you live
Weakest link A chain is only as strong as its
Wear the trousers
Wear your heart on your sleeve
Weasel words
Wee wee
Well heeled
Well read
Wet behind the ears
Wet blanket
What a piece of work is man
What are you like?
What football is all about
What God has joined together let no man put asunder
What part of no don't you understand?
What you see is what you get wysiwyg
What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet
What's not to like?
What's up Doc?
When in Rome, do as the Romans do
When it comes to the crunch
When pigs fly
When the going gets tough, the tough get going
When the shit hits the fan
Where there's muck there's brass
Whet your appetite
Which is which?
Which witch is which?
While you live, tell truth and shame the Devil 
Whip round
Whipper snapper
Whipping boy
Whistle and flute
Whistle blower
Whistle down the wind
White as snow
White bread
White elephant
Whole kit and caboodle
Whole hearted
Whole nine yards
Whole shebang
Whoops a daisy
Why does bread always fall butter side down?
Why should the Devil have all the best tunes?
Wick you get on my
Wide berth Keep a
Wild and woolly
Wild goose chase
Willy nilly
Win hands down
Win one for the Gipper
(On a) wing and a prayer
Wing it
Winter drawers on
Wish you were here
With bells on
Without a shadow of a doubt
Without let or hindrance
Without so much as a by your leave
Woe betide you
Woe is me
Wolf in sheep's clothing
Woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle
Woman's place is in the home
Women and children first
Wooden hill to Bedfordshire
Word association football
Word for word
Word in edgeways
Word in your shell like
Words ending in gry
Worse for wear
Worth one's salt
Wotcher
Wouldn't touch with a barge pole
Wreak havoc
Writing is on the wall
Wrong end of the stick
Wrong side of the blanket
Yada yada
Year dot
Yellow belly
Yellow Peril
You are what you eat
You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar
You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink
You can lead a whore to culture but you can't make her think
You can't get blood out of a stone
You can't have your cake and eat it too
You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear
You can't teach an old dog new tricks
You get on my wick
You look as if you've been dragged through a hedge backwards
You'll wonder where the yellow went when you brush your teeth with Pepsodent
Young turk
Your days are numbered
Your money or your life
Your name is mud
You've never had it so good
Zero tolerance
Zig zag
Rey. As gaming, my lord.
  Pol. Ay, or drinking, fencing, swearing, quarrelling,
    Drabbing. You may go so far.
  Rey. My lord, that would dishonour him.
  Pol. Faith, no, as you may season it in the charge.
    You must not put another scandal on him,
    That he is open to incontinency.
    That's not my meaning. But breathe his faults so quaintly
    That they may seem the taints of liberty,
    The flash and outbreak of a fiery mind,
    A savageness in unreclaimed blood,
    Of general assault.  
  Rey. But, my good lord-
  Pol. Wherefore should you do this?
  Rey. Ay, my lord,
    I would know that.
  Pol. Marry, sir, here's my drift,
    And I believe it is a fetch of warrant.
    You laying these slight sullies on my son
    As 'twere a thing a little soil'd i' th' working,
    Mark you,
    Your party in converse, him you would sound,
    Having ever seen in the prenominate crimes
    The youth you breathe of guilty, be assur'd
    He closes with you in this consequence:
    'Good sir,' or so, or 'friend,' or 'gentleman'-
    According to the phrase or the addition
    Of man and country-
  Rey. Very good, my lord.
  Pol. And then, sir, does 'a this- 'a does- What was I about to say?
    By the mass, I was about to say something! Where did I leave?
  Rey. At 'closes in the consequence,' at 'friend or so,' and  
    gentleman.'
  Pol. At 'closes in the consequence'- Ay, marry!
    He closes thus: 'I know the gentleman.
    I saw him yesterday, or t'other day,
    Or then, or then, with such or such; and, as you say,
    There was 'a gaming; there o'ertook in's rouse;
    There falling out at tennis'; or perchance,
    'I saw him enter such a house of sale,'
    Videlicet, a brothel, or so forth.
    See you now-
    Your bait of falsehood takes this carp of truth;
    And thus do we of wisdom and of reach,
    With windlasses and with assays of bias,
    By indirections find directions out.
    So, by my former lecture and advice,
    Shall you my son. You have me, have you not
  Rey. My lord, I have.
  Pol. God b' wi' ye, fare ye well!
  Rey. Good my lord!                                    [Going.]
  Pol. Observe his inclination in yourself.  
  Rey. I shall, my lord.
  Pol. And let him ply his music.
  Rey. Well, my lord.
  Pol. Farewell!
                                                  Exit Reynaldo.

                       Enter Ophelia.

    How now, Ophelia? What's the matter?
  Oph. O my lord, my lord, I have been so affrighted!
  Pol. With what, i' th' name of God I
  Oph. My lord, as I was sewing in my closet,
    Lord Hamlet, with his doublet all unbrac'd,
    No hat upon his head, his stockings foul'd,
    Ungart'red, and down-gyved to his ankle;
    Pale as his shirt, his knees knocking each other,
    And with a look so piteous in purport
    As if he had been loosed out of hell
    To speak of horrors- he comes before me.
  Pol. Mad for thy love?  
  Oph. My lord, I do not know,
    But truly I do fear it.
  Pol. What said he?
  Oph. He took me by the wrist and held me hard;
    Then goes he to the length of all his arm,
    And, with his other hand thus o'er his brow,
    He falls to such perusal of my face
    As he would draw it. Long stay'd he so.
    At last, a little shaking of mine arm,
    And thrice his head thus waving up and down,
    He rais'd a sigh so piteous and profound
    As it did seem to shatter all his bulk
    And end his being. That done, he lets me go,
    And with his head over his shoulder turn'd
    He seem'd to find his way without his eyes,
    For out o' doors he went without their help
    And to the last bended their light on me.
  Pol. Come, go with me. I will go seek the King.
    This is the very ecstasy of love,
    Whose violent property fordoes itself  
    And leads the will to desperate undertakings
    As oft as any passion under heaven
    That does afflict our natures. I am sorry.
    What, have you given him any hard words of late?
  Oph. No, my good lord; but, as you did command,
    I did repel his letters and denied
    His access to me.
  Pol. That hath made him mad.
    I am sorry that with better heed and judgment
    I had not quoted him. I fear'd he did but trifle
    And meant to wrack thee; but beshrew my jealousy!
    By heaven, it is as proper to our age
    To cast beyond ourselves in our opinions
    As it is common for the younger sort
    To lack discretion. Come, go we to the King.
    This must be known; which, being kept close, might move
    More grief to hide than hate to utter love.
    Come.
                                                         Exeunt.

Scene II.
Elsinore. A room in the Castle.

Flourish. [Enter King and Queen, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, cum aliis.

  King. Welcome, dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
    Moreover that we much did long to see you,
    The need we have to use you did provoke
    Our hasty sending. Something have you heard
    Of Hamlet's transformation. So I call it,
    Sith nor th' exterior nor the inward man
    Resembles that it was. What it should be,
    More than his father's death, that thus hath put him
    So much from th' understanding of himself,
    I cannot dream of. I entreat you both
    That, being of so young clays brought up with him,
    And since so neighbour'd to his youth and haviour,
    That you vouchsafe your rest here in our court
    Some little time; so by your companies
    To draw him on to pleasures, and to gather
    So much as from occasion you may glean,  
    Whether aught to us unknown afflicts him thus
    That, open'd, lies within our remedy.
  Queen. Good gentlemen, he hath much talk'd of you,
    And sure I am two men there are not living
    To whom he more adheres. If it will please you
    To show us so much gentry and good will
    As to expend your time with us awhile
    For the supply and profit of our hope,
    Your visitation shall receive such thanks
    As fits a king's remembrance.
  Ros. Both your Majesties
    Might, by the sovereign power you have of us,
    Put your dread pleasures more into command
    Than to entreaty.
  Guil. But we both obey,
    And here give up ourselves, in the full bent,
    To lay our service freely at your feet,
    To be commanded.
  King. Thanks, Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern.
  Queen. Thanks, Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz.  
    And I beseech you instantly to visit
    My too much changed son.- Go, some of you,
    And bring these gentlemen where Hamlet is.
  Guil. Heavens make our presence and our practices
    Pleasant and helpful to him!
  Queen. Ay, amen!
                 Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, [with some
                                                    Attendants].

                         Enter Polonius.

  Pol. Th' ambassadors from Norway, my good lord,
    Are joyfully return'd.
  King. Thou still hast been the father of good news.
  Pol. Have I, my lord? Assure you, my good liege,
    I hold my duty as I hold my soul,
    Both to my God and to my gracious king;
    And I do think- or else this brain of mine
    Hunts not the trail of policy so sure
    As it hath us'd to do- that I have found  
    The very cause of Hamlet's lunacy.
  King. O, speak of that! That do I long to hear.
  Pol. Give first admittance to th' ambassadors.
    My news shall be the fruit to that great feast.
  King. Thyself do grace to them, and bring them in.
                                                [Exit Polonius.]
    He tells me, my dear Gertrude, he hath found
    The head and source of all your son's distemper.
  Queen. I doubt it is no other but the main,
    His father's death and our o'erhasty marriage.
  King. Well, we shall sift him.

              Enter Polonius, Voltemand, and Cornelius.

    Welcome, my good friends.
    Say, Voltemand, what from our brother Norway?
  Volt. Most fair return of greetings and desires.
    Upon our first, he sent out to suppress
    His nephew's levies; which to him appear'd
    To be a preparation 'gainst the Polack,  
    But better look'd into, he truly found
    It was against your Highness; whereat griev'd,
    That so his sickness, age, and impotence
    Was falsely borne in hand, sends out arrests
    On Fortinbras; which he, in brief, obeys,
    Receives rebuke from Norway, and, in fine,
    Makes vow before his uncle never more
    To give th' assay of arms against your Majesty.
    Whereon old Norway, overcome with joy,
    Gives him three thousand crowns in annual fee
    And his commission to employ those soldiers,
    So levied as before, against the Polack;
    With an entreaty, herein further shown,
                                                [Gives a paper.]
    That it might please you to give quiet pass
    Through your dominions for this enterprise,
    On such regards of safety and allowance
    As therein are set down.
  King. It likes us well;
    And at our more consider'd time we'll read,  
    Answer, and think upon this business.
    Meantime we thank you for your well-took labour.
    Go to your rest; at night we'll feast together.
    Most welcome home!                       Exeunt Ambassadors.
  Pol. This business is well ended.
    My liege, and madam, to expostulate
    What majesty should be, what duty is,
    Why day is day, night is night, and time is time.
    Were nothing but to waste night, day, and time.
    Therefore, since brevity is the soul of wit,
    And tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes,
    I will be brief. Your noble son is mad.
    Mad call I it; for, to define true madness,
    What is't but to be nothing else but mad?
    But let that go.
  Queen. More matter, with less art.
  Pol. Madam, I swear I use no art at all.
    That he is mad, 'tis true: 'tis true 'tis pity;
    And pity 'tis 'tis true. A foolish figure!
    But farewell it, for I will use no art.  
    Mad let us grant him then. And now remains
    That we find out the cause of this effect-
    Or rather say, the cause of this defect,
    For this effect defective comes by cause.
    Thus it remains, and the remainder thus.
    Perpend.
    I have a daughter (have while she is mine),
    Who in her duty and obedience, mark,
    Hath given me this. Now gather, and surmise.
                                             [Reads] the letter.
    'To the celestial, and my soul's idol, the most beautified
      Ophelia,'-

    That's an ill phrase, a vile phrase; 'beautified' is a vile
      phrase.
    But you shall hear. Thus:
                                                        [Reads.]
    'In her excellent white bosom, these, &c.'
  Queen. Came this from Hamlet to her?
  Pol. Good madam, stay awhile. I will be faithful.     [Reads.]  

          'Doubt thou the stars are fire;
            Doubt that the sun doth move;
          Doubt truth to be a liar;
            But never doubt I love.
      'O dear Ophelia, I am ill at these numbers; I have not art to
    reckon my groans; but that I love thee best, O most best, believe
    it. Adieu.
      'Thine evermore, most dear lady, whilst this machine is to him,
                                                          HAMLET.'

    This, in obedience, hath my daughter shown me;
    And more above, hath his solicitings,
    As they fell out by time, by means, and place,
    All given to mine ear.
  King. But how hath she
    Receiv'd his love?
  Pol. What do you think of me?
  King. As of a man faithful and honourable.
  Pol. I would fain prove so. But what might you think,  
    When I had seen this hot love on the wing
    (As I perceiv'd it, I must tell you that,
    Before my daughter told me), what might you,
    Or my dear Majesty your queen here, think,
    If I had play'd the desk or table book,
    Or given my heart a winking, mute and dumb,
    Or look'd upon this love with idle sight?
    What might you think? No, I went round to work
    And my young mistress thus I did bespeak:
    'Lord Hamlet is a prince, out of thy star.
    This must not be.' And then I prescripts gave her,
    That she should lock herself from his resort,
    Admit no messengers, receive no tokens.
    Which done, she took the fruits of my advice,
    And he, repulsed, a short tale to make,
    Fell into a sadness, then into a fast,
    Thence to a watch, thence into a weakness,
    Thence to a lightness, and, by this declension,
    Into the madness wherein now he raves,
    And all we mourn for.  
  King. Do you think 'tis this?
  Queen. it may be, very like.
  Pol. Hath there been such a time- I would fain know that-
    That I have Positively said ''Tis so,'
    When it prov'd otherwise.?
  King. Not that I know.
  Pol. [points to his head and shoulder] Take this from this, if this
      be otherwise.
    If circumstances lead me, I will find
    Where truth is hid, though it were hid indeed
    Within the centre.
  King. How may we try it further?
  Pol. You know sometimes he walks four hours together
    Here in the lobby.
  Queen. So he does indeed.
  Pol. At such a time I'll loose my daughter to him.
    Be you and I behind an arras then.
    Mark the encounter. If he love her not,
    And he not from his reason fall'n thereon
    Let me be no assistant for a state,  
    But keep a farm and carters.
  King. We will try it.

                 Enter Hamlet, reading on a book.

  Queen. But look where sadly the poor wretch comes reading.
  Pol. Away, I do beseech you, both away
    I'll board him presently. O, give me leave.
                       Exeunt King and Queen, [with Attendants].
    How does my good Lord Hamlet?
  Ham. Well, God-a-mercy.
  Pol. Do you know me, my lord?
  Ham. Excellent well. You are a fishmonger.
  Pol. Not I, my lord.
  Ham. Then I would you were so honest a man.
  Pol. Honest, my lord?
  Ham. Ay, sir. To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man
    pick'd out of ten thousand.
  Pol. That's very true, my lord.
  Ham. For if the sun breed maggots in a dead dog, being a god  
    kissing carrion- Have you a daughter?
  Pol. I have, my lord.
  Ham. Let her not walk i' th' sun. Conception is a blessing, but not
    as your daughter may conceive. Friend, look to't.
  Pol. [aside] How say you by that? Still harping on my daughter. Yet
    he knew me not at first. He said I was a fishmonger. He is far
    gone, far gone! And truly in my youth I suff'red much extremity
    for love- very near this. I'll speak to him again.- What do you
    read, my lord?
  Ham. Words, words, words.
  Pol. What is the matter, my lord?
  Ham. Between who?
  Pol. I mean, the matter that you read, my lord.
  Ham. Slanders, sir; for the satirical rogue says here that old men
    have grey beards; that their faces are wrinkled; their eyes
    purging thick amber and plum-tree gum; and that they have a
    plentiful lack of wit, together with most weak hams. All which,
    sir, though I most powerfully and potently believe, yet I hold it
    not honesty to have it thus set down; for you yourself, sir,
    should be old as I am if, like a crab, you could go backward.  
  Pol. [aside] Though this be madness, yet there is a method in't.-
   Will You walk out of the air, my lord?
  Ham. Into my grave?
  Pol. Indeed, that is out o' th' air. [Aside] How pregnant sometimes
    his replies are! a happiness that often madness hits on, which
    reason and sanity could not so prosperously be delivered of. I
    will leave him and suddenly contrive the means of meeting between
    him and my daughter.- My honourable lord, I will most humbly take
    my leave of you.
  Ham. You cannot, sir, take from me anything that I will more
    willingly part withal- except my life, except my life, except my
    life,

                    Enter Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.

  Pol. Fare you well, my lord.
  Ham. These tedious old fools!
  Pol. You go to seek the Lord Hamlet. There he is.
  Ros. [to Polonius] God save you, sir!
                                                Exit [Polonius].  
  Guil. My honour'd lord!
  Ros. My most dear lord!
  Ham. My excellent good friends! How dost thou, Guildenstern? Ah,
    Rosencrantz! Good lads, how do ye both?
  Ros. As the indifferent children of the earth.
  Guil. Happy in that we are not over-happy.
    On Fortune's cap we are not the very button.
  Ham. Nor the soles of her shoe?
  Ros. Neither, my lord.
  Ham. Then you live about her waist, or in the middle of her
    favours?
  Guil. Faith, her privates we.
  Ham. In the secret parts of Fortune? O! most true! she is a
    strumpet. What news ?
  Ros. None, my lord, but that the world's grown honest.
  Ham. Then is doomsday near! But your news is not true. Let me
    question more in particular. What have you, my good friends,
    deserved at the hands of Fortune that she sends you to prison
    hither?
  Guil. Prison, my lord?  
  Ham. Denmark's a prison.
  Ros. Then is the world one.
  Ham. A goodly one; in which there are many confines, wards, and
    dungeons, Denmark being one o' th' worst.
  Ros. We think not so, my lord.
  Ham. Why, then 'tis none to you; for there is nothing either good
    or bad but thinking makes it so. To me it is a prison.
  Ros. Why, then your ambition makes it one. 'Tis too narrow for your
    mind.
  Ham. O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a
    king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.
  Guil. Which dreams indeed are ambition; for the very substance of
    the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.
  Ham. A dream itself is but a shadow.
  Ros. Truly, and I hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that
    it is but a shadow's shadow.
  Ham. Then are our beggars bodies, and our monarchs and outstretch'd
    heroes the beggars' shadows. Shall we to th' court? for, by my
    fay, I cannot reason.
  Both. We'll wait upon you.  
  Ham. No such matter! I will not sort you with the rest of my
    servants; for, to speak to you like an honest man, I am most
    dreadfully attended. But in the beaten way of friendship, what
    make you at Elsinore?
  Ros. To visit you, my lord; no other occasion.
  Ham. Beggar that I am, I am even poor in thanks; but I thank you;
    and sure, dear friends, my thanks are too dear a halfpenny. Were
    you not sent for? Is it your own inclining? Is it a free
    visitation? Come, deal justly with me. Come, come! Nay, speak.
  Guil. What should we say, my lord?
  Ham. Why, anything- but to th' purpose. You were sent for; and
    there is a kind of confession in your looks, which your modesties
    have not craft enough to colour. I know the good King and Queen
    have sent for you.
  Ros. To what end, my lord?
  Ham. That you must teach me. But let me conjure you by the rights
    of our fellowship, by the consonancy of our youth, by the
    obligation of our ever-preserved love, and by what more dear a
    better proposer could charge you withal, be even and direct with
    me, whether you were sent for or no.  
  Ros. [aside to Guildenstern] What say you?
  Ham. [aside] Nay then, I have an eye of you.- If you love me, hold
    not off.
  Guil. My lord, we were sent for.
  Ham. I will tell you why. So shall my anticipation prevent your
    discovery, and your secrecy to the King and Queen moult no
    feather. I have of late- but wherefore I know not- lost all my
    mirth, forgone all custom of exercises; and indeed, it goes so
    heavily with my disposition that this goodly frame, the earth,
    seems to me a sterile promontory; this most excellent canopy, the
    air, look you, this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical
    roof fretted with golden fire- why, it appeareth no other thing
    to me than a foul and pestilent congregation of vapours. What a
    piece of work is a man! how noble in reason! how infinite in
    faculties! in form and moving how express and admirable! in
    action how like an angel! in apprehension how like a god! the
    beauty of the world, the paragon of animals! And yet to me what
    is this quintessence of dust? Man delights not me- no, nor woman
    neither, though by your smiling you seem to say so.
  Ros. My lord, there was no such stuff in my thoughts.  
  Ham. Why did you laugh then, when I said 'Man delights not me'?
  Ros. To think, my lord, if you delight not in man, what lenten
    entertainment the players shall receive from you. We coted them
    on the way, and hither are they coming to offer you service.
  Ham. He that plays the king shall be welcome- his Majesty shall
    have tribute of me; the adventurous knight shall use his foil and
    target; the lover shall not sigh gratis; the humorous man shall
    end his part in peace; the clown shall make those laugh whose
    lungs are tickle o' th' sere; and the lady shall say her mind
    freely, or the blank verse shall halt fort. What players are
    they?
  Ros. Even those you were wont to take such delight in, the
    tragedians of the city.
  Ham. How chances it they travel? Their residence, both in
    reputation and profit, was better both ways.
  Ros. I think their inhibition comes by the means of the late
    innovation.
  Ham. Do they hold the same estimation they did when I was in the
    city? Are they so follow'd?
  Ros. No indeed are they not.  
  Ham. How comes it? Do they grow rusty?
  Ros. Nay, their endeavour keeps in the wonted pace; but there is,
    sir, an eyrie of children, little eyases, that cry out on the top
    of question and are most tyrannically clapp'd fort. These are now
    the fashion, and so berattle the common stages (so they call
    them) that many wearing rapiers are afraid of goosequills and
    dare scarce come thither.
  Ham. What, are they children? Who maintains 'em? How are they
    escoted? Will they pursue the quality no longer than they can
    sing? Will they not say afterwards, if they should grow
    themselves to common players (as it is most like, if their means
    are no better), their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim
    against their own succession.
  Ros. Faith, there has been much to do on both sides; and the nation
    holds it no sin to tarre them to controversy. There was, for a
    while, no money bid for argument unless the poet and the player
    went to cuffs in the question.
  Ham. Is't possible?
  Guil. O, there has been much throwing about of brains.
  Ham. Do the boys carry it away?  
  Ros. Ay, that they do, my lord- Hercules and his load too.
  Ham. It is not very strange; for my uncle is King of Denmark, and
    those that would make mows at him while my father lived give
    twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in
    little. 'Sblood, there is something in this more than natural, if
    philosophy could find it out.

                     Flourish for the Players.

  Guil. There are the players.
  Ham. Gentlemen, you are welcome to Elsinore. Your hands, come! Th'
    appurtenance of welcome is fashion and ceremony. Let me comply
    with you in this garb, lest my extent to the players (which I
    tell you must show fairly outwards) should more appear like
    entertainment than yours. You are welcome. But my uncle-father
    and aunt-mother are deceiv'd.
  Guil. In what, my dear lord?
  Ham. I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind is southerly I
    know a hawk from a handsaw.
  
                            Enter Polonius.

  Pol. Well be with you, gentlemen!
  Ham. Hark you, Guildenstern- and you too- at each ear a hearer!
    That great baby you see there is not yet out of his swaddling
    clouts.
  Ros. Happily he's the second time come to them; for they say an old
    man is twice a child.
  Ham. I will prophesy he comes to tell me of the players. Mark it.-
   You say right, sir; a Monday morning; twas so indeed.
  Pol. My lord, I have news to tell you.
  Ham. My lord, I have news to tell you. When Roscius was an actor in
    Rome-
  Pol. The actors are come hither, my lord.
  Ham. Buzz, buzz!
  Pol. Upon my honour-
  Ham. Then came each actor on his ass-
  Pol. The best actors in the world, either for tragedy, comedy,
    history, pastoral, pastoral-comical, historical-pastoral,
    tragical-historical, tragical-comical-historical-pastoral; scene  
    individable, or poem unlimited. Seneca cannot be too heavy, nor
    Plautus too light. For the law of writ and the liberty, these are
    the only men.
  Ham. O Jephthah, judge of Israel, what a treasure hadst thou!
  Pol. What treasure had he, my lord?
  Ham. Why,

         'One fair daughter, and no more,
           The which he loved passing well.'

  Pol. [aside] Still on my daughter.
  Ham. Am I not i' th' right, old Jephthah?
  Pol. If you call me Jephthah, my lord, I have a daughter that I
    love passing well.
  Ham. Nay, that follows not.
  Pol. What follows then, my lord?
  Ham. Why,

           'As by lot, God wot,'

 and then, you know,
  
           'It came to pass, as most like it was.'

    The first row of the pious chanson will show you more; for look
    where my abridgment comes.

                     Enter four or five Players.

    You are welcome, masters; welcome, all.- I am glad to see thee
    well.- Welcome, good friends.- O, my old friend? Why, thy face is
    valanc'd since I saw thee last. Com'st' thou to' beard me in
    Denmark?- What, my young lady and mistress? By'r Lady, your
    ladyship is nearer to heaven than when I saw you last by the
    altitude of a chopine. Pray God your voice, like a piece of
    uncurrent gold, be not crack'd within the ring.- Masters, you are
    all welcome. We'll e'en to't like French falconers, fly at
    anything we see. We'll have a speech straight. Come, give us a
    taste of your quality. Come, a passionate speech.
  1. Play. What speech, my good lord?
  Ham. I heard thee speak me a speech once, but it was never acted;
    or if it was, not above once; for the play, I remember, pleas'd  
    not the million, 'twas caviary to the general; but it was (as I
    receiv'd it, and others, whose judgments in such matters cried in
    the top of mine) an excellent play, well digested in the scenes,
    set down with as much modesty as cunning. I remember one said
    there were no sallets in the lines to make the matter savoury,
    nor no matter in the phrase that might indict the author of
    affectation; but call'd it an honest method, as wholesome as
    sweet, and by very much more handsome than fine. One speech in't
    I chiefly lov'd. 'Twas AEneas' tale to Dido, and thereabout of it
    especially where he speaks of Priam's slaughter. If it live in
    your memory, begin at this line- let me see, let me see:

         'The rugged Pyrrhus, like th' Hyrcanian beast-'

    'Tis not so; it begins with Pyrrhus:

         'The rugged Pyrrhus, he whose sable arms,
         Black as his purpose, did the night resemble
         When he lay couched in the ominous horse,
         Hath now this dread and black complexion smear'd  
         With heraldry more dismal. Head to foot
         Now is be total gules, horridly trick'd
         With blood of fathers, mothers, daughters, sons,
         Bak'd and impasted with the parching streets,
         That lend a tyrannous and a damned light
         To their lord's murther. Roasted in wrath and fire,
         And thus o'ersized with coagulate gore,
         With eyes like carbuncles, the hellish Pyrrhus
         Old grandsire Priam seeks.'

    So, proceed you.
  Pol. Fore God, my lord, well spoken, with good accent and good
     discretion.

  1. Play. 'Anon he finds him,
      Striking too short at Greeks. His antique sword,
      Rebellious to his arm, lies where it falls,
      Repugnant to command. Unequal match'd,
      Pyrrhus at Priam drives, in rage strikes wide;
      But with the whiff and wind of his fell sword  
      Th' unnerved father falls. Then senseless Ilium,
      Seeming to feel this blow, with flaming top
      Stoops to his base, and with a hideous crash
      Takes prisoner Pyrrhus' ear. For lo! his sword,
      Which was declining on the milky head
      Of reverend Priam, seem'd i' th' air to stick.
      So, as a painted tyrant, Pyrrhus stood,
      And, like a neutral to his will and matter,
      Did nothing.
      But, as we often see, against some storm,
      A silence in the heavens, the rack stand still,
      The bold winds speechless, and the orb below
      As hush as death- anon the dreadful thunder
      Doth rend the region; so, after Pyrrhus' pause,
      Aroused vengeance sets him new awork;
      And never did the Cyclops' hammers fall
      On Mars's armour, forg'd for proof eterne,
      With less remorse than Pyrrhus' bleeding sword
      Now falls on Priam.
      Out, out, thou strumpet Fortune! All you gods,  
      In general synod take away her power;
      Break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel,
      And bowl the round nave down the hill of heaven,
      As low as to the fiends!

  Pol. This is too long.
  Ham. It shall to the barber's, with your beard.- Prithee say on.
    He's for a jig or a tale of bawdry, or he sleeps. Say on; come to
    Hecuba.

  1. Play. 'But who, O who, had seen the mobled queen-'

  Ham. 'The mobled queen'?
  Pol. That's good! 'Mobled queen' is good.

  1. Play. 'Run barefoot up and down, threat'ning the flames
      With bisson rheum; a clout upon that head
      Where late the diadem stood, and for a robe,
      About her lank and all o'erteemed loins,
      A blanket, in the alarm of fear caught up-  
      Who this had seen, with tongue in venom steep'd
      'Gainst Fortune's state would treason have pronounc'd.
      But if the gods themselves did see her then,
      When she saw Pyrrhus make malicious sport
      In Mincing with his sword her husband's limbs,
      The instant burst of clamour that she made
      (Unless things mortal move them not at all)
      Would have made milch the burning eyes of heaven
      And passion in the gods.'

  Pol. Look, whe'r he has not turn'd his colour, and has tears in's
    eyes. Prithee no more!
  Ham. 'Tis well. I'll have thee speak out the rest of this soon.-
    Good my lord, will you see the players well bestow'd? Do you
    hear? Let them be well us'd; for they are the abstract and brief
    chronicles of the time. After your death you were better have a
    bad epitaph than their ill report while you live.
  Pol. My lord, I will use them according to their desert.
  Ham. God's bodykins, man, much better! Use every man after his
    desert, and who should scape whipping? Use them after your own  
    honour and dignity. The less they deserve, the more merit is in
    your bounty. Take them in.
  Pol. Come, sirs.
  Ham. Follow him, friends. We'll hear a play to-morrow.
                 Exeunt Polonius and Players [except the First].
    Dost thou hear me, old friend? Can you play 'The Murther of
    Gonzago'?
  1. Play. Ay, my lord.
  Ham. We'll ha't to-morrow night. You could, for a need, study a
    speech of some dozen or sixteen lines which I would set down and
    insert in't, could you not?
  1. Play. Ay, my lord.
  Ham. Very well. Follow that lord- and look you mock him not.
                                            [Exit First Player.]
    My good friends, I'll leave you till night. You are welcome to
    Elsinore.
  Ros. Good my lord!
  Ham. Ay, so, God b' wi' ye!
                            [Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern
    Now I am alone.  
    O what a rogue and peasant slave am I!
    Is it not monstrous that this player here,
    But in a fiction, in a dream of passion,
    Could force his soul so to his own conceit
    That, from her working, all his visage wann'd,
    Tears in his eyes, distraction in's aspect,
    A broken voice, and his whole function suiting
    With forms to his conceit? And all for nothing!
    For Hecuba!
    What's Hecuba to him, or he to Hecuba,
    That he should weep for her? What would he do,
    Had he the motive and the cue for passion
    That I have? He would drown the stage with tears
    And cleave the general ear with horrid speech;
    Make mad the guilty and appal the free,
    Confound the ignorant, and amaze indeed
    The very faculties of eyes and ears.
    Yet I,
    A dull and muddy-mettled rascal, peak
    Like John-a-dreams, unpregnant of my cause,  
    And can say nothing! No, not for a king,
    Upon whose property and most dear life
    A damn'd defeat was made. Am I a coward?
    Who calls me villain? breaks my pate across?
    Plucks off my beard and blows it in my face?
    Tweaks me by th' nose? gives me the lie i' th' throat
    As deep as to the lungs? Who does me this, ha?
    'Swounds, I should take it! for it cannot be
    But I am pigeon-liver'd and lack gall
    To make oppression bitter, or ere this
    I should have fatted all the region kites
    With this slave's offal. Bloody bawdy villain!
    Remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain!
    O, vengeance!
    Why, what an ass am I! This is most brave,
    That I, the son of a dear father murther'd,
    Prompted to my revenge by heaven and hell,
    Must (like a whore) unpack my heart with words
    And fall a-cursing like a very drab,
    A scullion!  
    Fie upon't! foh! About, my brain! Hum, I have heard
    That guilty creatures, sitting at a play,
    Have by the very cunning of the scene
    Been struck so to the soul that presently
    They have proclaim'd their malefactions;
    For murther, though it have no tongue, will speak
    With most miraculous organ, I'll have these Players
    Play something like the murther of my father
    Before mine uncle. I'll observe his looks;
    I'll tent him to the quick. If he but blench,
    I know my course. The spirit that I have seen
    May be a devil; and the devil hath power
    T' assume a pleasing shape; yea, and perhaps
    Out of my weakness and my melancholy,
    As he is very potent with such spirits,
    Abuses me to damn me. I'll have grounds
    More relative than this. The play's the thing
    Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the King.         Exit.




<<THIS ELECTRONIC VERSION OF THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM
SHAKESPEARE IS COPYRIGHT 1990-1993 BY WORLD LIBRARY, INC., AND IS
PROVIDED BY PROJECT GUTENBERG ETEXT OF ILLINOIS BENEDICTINE COLLEGE
WITH PERMISSION.  ELECTRONIC AND MACHINE READABLE COPIES MAY BE
DISTRIBUTED SO LONG AS SUCH COPIES (1) ARE FOR YOUR OR OTHERS
PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED
COMMERCIALLY.  PROHIBITED COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION INCLUDES BY ANY
SERVICE THAT CHARGES FOR DOWNLOAD TIME OR FOR MEMBERSHIP.>>



ACT III. Scene I.
Elsinore. A room in the Castle.

Enter King, Queen, Polonius, Ophelia, Rosencrantz, Guildenstern, and Lords.

  King. And can you by no drift of circumstance
    Get from him why he puts on this confusion,
    Grating so harshly all his days of quiet
    With turbulent and dangerous lunacy?
  Ros. He does confess he feels himself distracted,
    But from what cause he will by no means speak.
  Guil. Nor do we find him forward to be sounded,
    But with a crafty madness keeps aloof
    When we would bring him on to some confession
    Of his true state.
  Queen. Did he receive you well?
  Ros. Most like a gentleman.
  Guil. But with much forcing of his disposition.
  Ros. Niggard of question, but of our demands
    Most free in his reply.
  Queen. Did you assay him  
    To any pastime?
  Ros. Madam, it so fell out that certain players
    We o'erraught on the way. Of these we told him,
    And there did seem in him a kind of joy
    To hear of it. They are here about the court,
    And, as I think, they have already order
    This night to play before him.
  Pol. 'Tis most true;
    And he beseech'd me to entreat your Majesties
    To hear and see the matter.
  King. With all my heart, and it doth much content me
    To hear him so inclin'd.
    Good gentlemen, give him a further edge
    And drive his purpose on to these delights.
  Ros. We shall, my lord.
                            Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
  King. Sweet Gertrude, leave us too;
    For we have closely sent for Hamlet hither,
    That he, as 'twere by accident, may here
    Affront Ophelia.  
    Her father and myself (lawful espials)
    Will so bestow ourselves that, seeing unseen,
    We may of their encounter frankly judge
    And gather by him, as he is behav'd,
    If't be th' affliction of his love, or no,
    That thus he suffers for.
  Queen. I shall obey you;
    And for your part, Ophelia, I do wish
    That your good beauties be the happy cause
    Of Hamlet's wildness. So shall I hope your virtues
    Will bring him to his wonted way again,
    To both your honours.
  Oph. Madam, I wish it may.
                                                   [Exit Queen.]
  Pol. Ophelia, walk you here.- Gracious, so please you,
    We will bestow ourselves.- [To Ophelia] Read on this book,
    That show of such an exercise may colour
    Your loneliness.- We are oft to blame in this,
    'Tis too much prov'd, that with devotion's visage
    And pious action we do sugar o'er  
    The Devil himself.
  King. [aside] O, 'tis too true!
    How smart a lash that speech doth give my conscience!
    The harlot's cheek, beautied with plast'ring art,
    Is not more ugly to the thing that helps it
    Than is my deed to my most painted word.
    O heavy burthen!
  Pol. I hear him coming. Let's withdraw, my lord.
                                      Exeunt King and Polonius].

                           Enter Hamlet.

  Ham. To be, or not to be- that is the question:
    Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer
    The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune
    Or to take arms against a sea of troubles,
    And by opposing end them. To die- to sleep-
    No more; and by a sleep to say we end
    The heartache, and the thousand natural shocks
    That flesh is heir to. 'Tis a consummation  
    Devoutly to be wish'd. To die- to sleep.
    To sleep- perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub!
    For in that sleep of death what dreams may come
    When we have shuffled off this mortal coil,
    Must give us pause. There's the respect
    That makes calamity of so long life.
    For who would bear the whips and scorns of time,
    Th' oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely,
    The pangs of despis'd love, the law's delay,
    The insolence of office, and the spurns
    That patient merit of th' unworthy takes,
    When he himself might his quietus make
    With a bare bodkin? Who would these fardels bear,
    To grunt and sweat under a weary life,
    But that the dread of something after death-
    The undiscover'd country, from whose bourn
    No traveller returns- puzzles the will,
    And makes us rather bear those ills we have
    Than fly to others that we know not of?
    Thus conscience does make cowards of us all,  
    And thus the native hue of resolution
    Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,
    And enterprises of great pith and moment
    With this regard their currents turn awry
    And lose the name of action.- Soft you now!
    The fair Ophelia!- Nymph, in thy orisons
    Be all my sins rememb'red.
  Oph. Good my lord,
    How does your honour for this many a day?
  Ham. I humbly thank you; well, well, well.
  Oph. My lord, I have remembrances of yours
    That I have longed long to re-deliver.
    I pray you, now receive them.
  Ham. No, not I!
    I never gave you aught.
  Oph. My honour'd lord, you know right well you did,
    And with them words of so sweet breath compos'd
    As made the things more rich. Their perfume lost,
    Take these again; for to the noble mind
    Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind.  
    There, my lord.
  Ham. Ha, ha! Are you honest?
  Oph. My lord?
  Ham. Are you fair?
  Oph. What means your lordship?
  Ham. That if you be honest and fair, your honesty should admit no
    discourse to your beauty.
  Oph. Could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with honesty?
  Ham. Ay, truly; for the power of beauty will sooner transform
    honesty from what it is to a bawd than the force of honesty can
    translate beauty into his likeness. This was sometime a paradox,
    but now the time gives it proof. I did love you once.
  Oph. Indeed, my lord, you made me believe so.
  Ham. You should not have believ'd me; for virtue cannot so
    inoculate our old stock but we shall relish of it. I loved you
    not.
  Oph. I was the more deceived.
  Ham. Get thee to a nunnery! Why wouldst thou be a breeder of
    sinners? I am myself indifferent honest, but yet I could accuse
    me of such things that it were better my mother had not borne me.  
    I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious; with more offences at my
    beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give
    them shape, or time to act them in. What should such fellows as I
    do, crawling between earth and heaven? We a